
Let the suicide doors up
I threw suicides on the tour bus
I threw suicides on the private jet
You know what that mean, I'm fly to death
I step in Def Jam buildin' like I'm the shit
Tell 'em gimme fifty million or I'ma quit
Most rappers' taste level ain't at my waist level
Turn up the bass 'til it's up-in-yo-face level
Don't do no press but I get the most press kit
Plus, yo, my bitch make your bitch look like Precious
Somethin' 'bout Mary, she gone off that molly
Now the whole party is melting like Dalí
Now everybody is movin' they body
Don't sell me apartment, I'll move in the lobby (Yah)
Niggas is loiterin' just to feel important
You gon' see lawyers and niggas in Jordans (2 Chainz)
She said, "'Ye, can we get married at the mall?"
I said, "Look, you need to crawl 'fore you ball
Come and meet me in the bathroom stall
And show me why you deserve to have it all"
(Ball so hard) That shit cray, ain't it, Jay?
(B-ball so hard) What she order, fish fillet?
(B-ball so hard) "Your whip so cold" – this old thing?
(Ball so hard) Act like you'll ever be around mothafuckers like this again
Bougie girl, grab my hand
Fuck that bitch; she don't wanna dance
Excuse my French, but I'm in France, ahah, I'm just sayin'
Prince Williams ain't do it right if you ask me
'Cause I was him I would have married Kate and Ashley
What's Gucci, my nigga?
What's Louis, my killer?
What's drugs, my dealer?
What's that jacket, Margiela?
Doctors say I'm the illest
'Cause I'm suffering from realness
Got my niggas in Paris
And they going gorillas, huh
You are now watching the throne
Don't let me get in my zone
Don't let me get in my zone
Don't let me get in my zone
These other niggas is lyin'
Actin' like the summer ain't mine
(I got that hot bitch in my home)
(You know how many hot bitches I own?)
Don't let me get in my zone
Don't let me get in my zone
Don't let me get in my zone
Don't let me get in my zone
The stars is in the building
They hands is to the ceiling
I know I'm 'bout to kill it
How you know? I got that feeling
You are now watching the throne
Don't let me into my zone
Don't let me into my zone
(I'm definitely in my zone, zone, zone, zone, zone...)
I just wanna feel liberated, I-I, na-na-na
Who can I turn to?
I just wanna feel liberated, I-I, na-na-na
After all, who can I turn to?
If I ever instigated, I am sorry
If I don't turn to you
Tell me who in here could relate, I-I-I
No other help I know, I stretch my hands
Now, if I fuck this model
And she just bleached her asshole
And I get bleach on my T-shirt
I'ma feel like an asshole
I was high when I met her
We was down in Tribeca
She'll get under your skin if you let her
She'll get under your skin if you-uh
I don't even wanna talk about it
I don't even wanna talk about it
I don't even wanna say nothin'
Everybody gon' say somethin'
I'd be worried if they said nothin'
Remind me where I know you from
She lookin' like she owe you some'n
You know just what we want
I wanna wake up with you in my...
I wanna wake up with you in my...
I just wanna feel liberated, I-I, na-na-na
Who can I turn to?
I just wanna feel liberated, I-I, na-na-na
After all, who can I turn to?
If I ever instigated, I am sorry
If I don't turn to you
Tell me who in here could relate, I-I-I
No other help I know, I stretch my hands
Gossip, gossip, nigga, just stop it
Everybody know I'm a motherfucking monster
I'ma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
I'ma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
Profit, profit, nigga, I get it
Everybody know I'm a motherfucking monster
I'ma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
I'ma need to see your fucking hands
Uh, the best living or dead hands down, huh
Less talk, more head right now, huh
And my eyes more red than the devil is
And I'm 'bout to take it to another level, bitch
No matter who you go and get, ain't nobody cold as this
Do the rap and the track, triple double, no assists
And my only focus is staying on some bogus shit
Arguing with my older bitch, acting like I owe her shit
I heard that people sing raps to give the track pain
Bought the chain that always give me back pain
Fucking up my money so, yeah, I had to act sane
Chi nigga but these hoes love my accent
Chick came up to me and said, "This the number to dial
If you wanna make your number one your number two now"
Mix that Goose and Malibu, I call it "Malibooyah"
Goddamn, Yeezy, how he hit 'em with a new style?
Know that motherfucker well: "What you gon' do now?"
Whatever I wanna do, gosh! It's cool now
Know I'm gonna do, ah, it's the new now
Think you motherfuckers really really need to cool out
'Cause you'll never get on top of this
So, Mami; best advice is just to get on top of this
Have you ever had sex with a pharaoh?
Ahh, put the pussy in a sarcophagus
Now she claiming that I bruised her esophagus
Head of the class and she just won a swallowship
I'm living in the future so the present is my past
My presence is a present—kiss my ass
Gossip, gossip, nigga, just stop it
Everybody know I'm a motherfucking monster
I'ma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
I'ma need to see your fucking hands at the concert (Yeah)
Profit, profit, nigga, I get it
Everybody know I'm a motherfucking monster
(I'm a motherfucking monster)
I'ma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
I'ma need to see your fucking hands
Gossip, gossip, nigga, just stop it
Everybody know I'm a motherfucking monster
I'ma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
I'ma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
Profit, profit, nigga, I get it
Everybody know I'm a motherfucking monster
I'ma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
I'ma need to see your fucking hands
I'm tryna keep my faith
We on an ultralight beam
We on an ultralight beam
This is a God dream
This is a God dream
This is everything
This is everything
Deliver us serenity
Deliver us peace
Deliver us loving
We know we need it
You know we need it
You know we need it
That's why we need You now, oh
Pray for Paris
Pray for the parents
This is a God dream
This is a God dream
This is a God dream
We on an ultralight beam
We on an ultralight beam
This is a God dream
This is a God dream
This is everything
Everything (Thing, thing, thing)
We on an ultralight beam
We on an ultralight beam
This is a God dream
This is a God dream
This is everything
Everything
Break records at Louis, ate breakfast at Gucci
My girl a superstar all from a home movie
Bow on our arrival, the un-American idols
What niggas did in Paris, got 'em hangin' off the Eiffel
Yeah, I'm talkin' business, we talkin' CIA
I'm talkin' George Tenet, I seen him the other day
He asked me about my Maybach, think he had the same
Except mine tinted and his might have been rented
You know, white people get money, don't spend it
Or maybe they get money, buy a business
I rather buy 80 gold chains and go ign'ant
I know Spike Lee gon' kill me, but let me finish
Blame it on the pigment, we livin' no limits
Them gold Master P ceilings was just a figment
Of our imagination, MTV cribs
Now I'm lookin' at a crib right next to where TC lives
That's Tom Cruise, whatever she accuse
He wasn't really drunk, he just had a frew brews
Pass the refreshments, a cool, cool beverage
Everything I do need a news crew's presence
Speedboat swerve, homie, watch out for the waves
I'm way too black to burn from sunrays
So I just meditate at the home in Pompeii
About how I could build a new Rome in one day
Every time I'm in Vegas they screamin' like he's Elvis
But I just wanna design hotels and nail it
Shit is real, got me feelin' Israelian
Like Bar Refaeli, or Gisele—no, that's Brazilian
Went through, deep depression when my mama passed
Suicide, what kinda talk is that?
But I been talkin' to God for so long
That if you look at my life I guess he's talkin' back
Fuckin' with my clique
All them other niggas lame, and you know it now
When a real nigga hold you down, you s'posed to drown
What you doin' in the club on a Thursday?
She say she only here for her girl birthday
They ordered champagne but still look thirsty
Rock Forever 21 but just turned thirty
I know I got a bad reputation
Walking-round-always-mad reputation
Leave-a-pretty-girl-sad reputation
Start a Fight Club, Brad reputation
I turnt the nightclub out of the basement
I'll turn the plane around, your ass keep complainin'
How you gon' be mad on vacation?
Dutty wining 'round all these Jamaicans
Uh, this that prom shit
This that what-we-do-don't-tell-your-mom shit
This that red-cup-all-on-the-lawn shit
Got a fresh cut, straight out the salon, bitch
Close your eyes and let the word paint a thousand pictures
One good girl is worth a thousand bitches
Bound (Bound to fall in love)
Bound (Bound to fall in love)
Uh-huh, honey
I wanna fuck you hard on the sink
After that, give you somethin' to drink
Step back, can't get spunk on the mink
I mean damn, what would Jeromey Romey Romey Rome think?
Hey, you remember where we first met?
Okay, I don't remember where we first met
But hey, admittin' is the first step
And hey, you know ain't nobody perfect
And I know, with the hoes I got the worst rep
But hey, their backstroke I'm tryna perfect
And hey, ayo, we made it: Thanksgivin'
So hey, maybe we can make it to Christmas
She asked me what I wished for on my wishlist
Have you ever asked your bitch for other bitches?
Maybe we could still make it to the church steps
But first, you gon' remember how to forget
After all these long-ass verses
I'm tired, you tired, Jesus wept
Jerome's in the house, watch your mouth
Jerome's in the house, watch your mouth
Bound to fall in love
Bound
Bound to fall in love
Bound
Uh-huh, honey
You're such a fuckin' ho
When the first time they ask you if you want sparklin' or still?
Why you tryna act like you was drinkin' sparklin' water 'fore you came out here?
You're such a fuckin' h—
I'm a sick fuck, I like a quick fuck (Whoop!)
I'm a sick fuck, I like a quick fuck (Whoop!)
I'm a sick fuck, I like a quick fuck (Whoop!)
I'm a sick fuck, I like a quick fuck (Whoop!)
I'm a sick fuck, I like a quick fuck
I like my dick sucked, I'll buy you a sick truck
I'll buy you some new tits, I'll get you that nip-tuck
How you start a family? The condom slipped up
I'm a sick fuck, I'm inappropriate
I like hearin' stories, I like that ho shit
I wanna hear mo' shit, I like the ho shit
Send me some mo' shit, you triflin' ho bitch (Bitch, bitch, bitch)
Since the truth keep niggas traumatized
They tryna compromise my condom size
So I Snapchat that whole shit
Tryna see titties, tryna show dick
And I swear to God I hope they post it
I'm blessed
Even though I get slammed with lawsuits like car doors
See three P.O.'s like Star Wars
They want me by the road holding up cardboard
So I go extra hard on the hard floor
Right now, I'm calling you from my home gym
Right after that, nigga, I'm gon' swim
Just did a couple laps in my home pool
And my daughter right there getting home-schooled
I'm blessed
And I was thinking 'bout starting up my own school
A Montessori
And the hallway looking like a monastery, oh yes
I'm way up, I feel blessed
Coke on her black skin made it stripe like a zebra
I call that jungle fever
You will not control the threesome
Just roll the weed up until I get me some
We formed a new religion
No sins as long as there’s permission
And deception is the only felony
So never fuck nobody without telling me
Sunglasses and Advil
Last night was mad real
Sun coming up, 5 a.m
I wonder if they got cabs still
Thinking 'bout the girl in all leopard
Who was rubbing the wood like Kiki Shepard
Two tattoos: one read "No Apologies"
The other said "Love is Cursed by Monogamy"
It’s something that the pastor don’t preach
It’s something that a teacher can’t teach
When we die, the money we can’t keep
But we probably spend it all 'cause the pain ain’t cheap
Preach
My mama was raised in the era when
Clean water was only served to the fairer skin
Doin' clothes, you woulda thought I had help
But they wasn't satisfied unless I picked the cotton myself
You see it's broke nigga racism
That's that "Don't touch anything in the store"
And it's rich nigga racism
That's that "Come in, please buy more"
"What you want, a Bentley? Fur coat? A diamond chain?
All you blacks want all the same things"
Used to only be niggas, now everybody playin'
Spendin' everything on Alexander Wang
New slaves
You see it's leaders and it's followers
But I'd rather be a dick than a swallower
You see it's leaders and it's followers
But I'd rather be a dick than a swallower
I throw these Maybach keys, I wear my heart on the sleeve
I know that we the new slaves, I see the blood on the leaves
I see the blood on the leaves, I see the blood on the leaves
I know that we the new slaves, I see the blood on the leaves
They throwin' hate at me, want me to stay at ease
Fuck you and your corporation, y'all niggas can't control me
I know that we the new slaves, I know that we the new slaves
I'm 'bout to wild the fuck out, I'm goin' Bobby Boucher
I know that pussy ain't free, you niggas pussy, ain't me
Y'all throwin' contracts at me, you know that niggas can't read
Throw on some Maybach keys, fuck it, c'est la vie
I know that we the new slaves, y'all niggas can't fuck with me
Y'all niggas can't fuck with Ye, y'all niggas can't fuck with Ye
I'll move my family out the country so you can't see where I stay
So go and grab the reporters, so I can smash their recorders
See, they'll confuse us with some bullshit like the New World Order
Meanwhile the DEA teamed up with the CCA
They tryna lock niggas up, they tryna make new slaves
See, that's that privately owned prison, get your piece today
They prolly all in the Hamptons, braggin' 'bout what they made
Fuck you and your Hampton house, I'll fuck your Hampton spouse
Came on her Hampton blouse and in her Hampton mouth
Y'all 'bout to turn shit up, I'm 'bout to tear shit down
I'm 'bout to air shit out, now what the fuck they gon' say now?
I won't end this high, not this time again
So long, so long, so long, you cannot survive
And I'm not dyin', and I can't lose
I can't lose, no, I can't lose
'Cause I can't leave it to you
So let's get too high, get too high again
Too high again, too high, ooh hoo-hoo-hoo, woo
Yeah, h-h-h-high, h-high-high, high-high high-igh-high-high
H-high-igh, yeah, high, high-igh
Egyszer a Nap úgy elfáradt (mhm-igh)
Elaludt mély zöld tó ölén
Az embereknek fájt a sötét
Ő megsajnált, eljött közénk
I just need to clear my mind now
It's been racin' since the summertime
Now I'm holdin' down the summer now
And all I want is what I can't buy now
'Cause I ain't got the money on me right now
And I told you to wait
Yeah, I told you to wait
So I'ma need a little more time now
'Cause I ain't got the money on me right now
And I thought you could wait
Yeah, I thought you could wait
These bitches surroundin' me
All want something out me
Then they talk about me
Would be lost without me
We could've been somebody
Thought you'd be different 'bout it
Now I know you not it
So let's get on with it
We could've been somebody
'stead you had to tell somebody
Let's take it back to the first party
When you tried your first molly
And came out of your body
And came out of your body
Running naked down the lobby
And you was screamin' that you love me
Before the limelight tore ya
Before the limelight stole ya
Remember we were so young
When I would hold you
Before the blood on the leaves
I know there ain't wrong with me
Something strange is happenin'
You could've been somebody
We could've, ugh, we could've been somebody
Or was it on the first party
When we tried our first molly
And came out of our body
And came out of our body
Before they call lawyers
Before you tried to destroy us
How you gon' lie to the lawyer?
It's like I don't even know ya
I gotta bring it back to the 'nolia
Fuck them other niggas 'cause I'm down with my niggas
Fuck them other niggas 'cause I'm down with my niggas
Fuck them other niggas 'cause I'm down with my niggas
I ride with my niggas, I'd die for my...
To all my second-string bitches, tryin' get a baby
Tryin' get a baby, now you talkin' crazy
I don't give a damn if you used to talk to JAY-Z
He ain't with you, he with Beyoncé, you need to stop actin' lazy
She Instagram herself like #BadBitchAlert
He Instagram his watch like #MadRichAlert
He only wanna see that ass in reverse
Two-thousand-dollar bag with no cash in your purse
Now you sittin' courtside, wifey on the other side
Gotta keep 'em separated, I call that apartheid
Then she said she pregnant-ated, that's the night your heart died
Then you gotta go and tell your girl and report that
Main reason 'cause your pastor said you can't abort that
Now your driver say that new Benz, you can't afford that
All that cocaine on the table, you can't snort that
That go into that, all that money that the court got
All in on that alimony, uh
Yeah-yeah, she got you, homie, yeah
'Til death, but do your part, uh
Unholy matrimony
That summer night holdin' long and long, 'din long
Now waiting for the summer rose and (Breathe)
And breathe and breathe
And breathe and breathe
And breathe and breathe
And live and learn
And live and learn
And livin' and livin' like I’m lonely
Lonely, lonely
And livin' all I have
And livin' all
And live
And live
For my theme song (Black)
My leather black jeans on (Black)
My by-any-means on
Pardon, I'm getting my scream on (Black)
Enter the kingdom (Black)
But watch who you bring home
They see a black man with a white woman
At the top floor they gone come to kill King Kong
Middle America packed in (Black)
Came to see me in my black skin (Black)
Number one question they're askin'
Fuck every question you askin' (Black)
If I don't get ran out by Catholics (Black)
Here come some conservative Baptists
Claiming I'm overreactin'
Like them black kids in Chiraq, bitch
Four in the mornin', and I'm zonin'
They say I'm possessed, it's an omen
I keep it 300, like the Romans
300 bitches, where the Trojans?
Baby, we livin' in the moment
I've been a menace for the longest
But I ain't finished, I'm devoted
And you know it, and you know it
So follow me up cause this shit 'bout to go (Down)
I'm doing 500, I'm outta control (Now)
But there's nowhere to go (Now)
And there's no way to slow (Down)
If I knew what I knew in the past
I would've been blacked out on your ass
Four in the mornin', and I'm zonin'
They say I'm possessed, it's an omen
I keep it 300, like the Romans
300 bitches, where the Trojans?
Baby, we livin' in the moment
I've been a menace for the longest
But I ain't finished, I'm devoted
And you know it, and you know it
Stop all that coon shit (Black)
Early morning cartoon shit (Black)
This is that goon shit
Fuck up your whole afternoon shit
I'm aware I'm a wolf
Soon as the moon hit
I'm aware I'm a king
Back out the tomb, bitch (Black)
Black out the room, bitch (Black)
Stop all that coon shit (Black)
These niggas ain't doin' shit (Black)
Them niggas ain't doin' shit
Come on, homie, what happened?
You niggas ain't breathin', you gaspin'
These niggas ain't ready for action
Ready—ready for action—action
Four in the mornin', and I'm zonin'
I think I'm possessed, it's an omen
I keep it 300 like the Romans
300 bitches, where the Trojans?
Baby, we livin' in the moment
I've been a menace for the longest
But I ain't finished, I'm devoted
And you know it, and you know it
So follow me up cause this shit 'bout to go (Down)
I'm doing 500, I'm outta control (Now)
But there's nowhere to go (Now)
And there's no way to slow (Down)
If I knew what I knew in the past
I would've been blacked out on your ass
God! God! God! God!
God! God! God! God!
God! God! God!
Ahh, Yeezy, Yeezy, how you do it, huh?
It's my birthday, I deserve to be greedy, huh?
She holdin' out, she ain't givin' to the needy, huh?
You go downstairs and fall asleep with the TV on
Y'all been together ten years, you deserve a ménage
'Specially if you put that BMW in a garage
'Specially if you paid a couple payments on her momma crib
Went to her niece's graduation, man, I hate those kids!
Last birthday, she got you a new sweater
Put it on, give her a kiss, and tell her "Do better"
She said, "How 'bout I get you jewelry from the West End?"
How 'bout she hit the Westin and get her best friend?
Ha, I'm jokin', I'm just serious, I asked her
"Don't be actin', like no actress, if we preachin', then we practice
Don't be reachin', don't be touchin' shit, we in Kanye West's Benz!
'Cause I will turn you back to a pedestrian, hah!"
Bounce back, bounce, bounce
Bounce back, bounce, bounce
Bounce, bounce, bitch, bounce (Yeah)
Is you a real one?
Is you a real one?
Real one
Real one
Is you a real one?
Real one
Real one
Don
If I pull up with a Kerry Washington
That's gon' be an enormous scandal
I could have Naomi Campbell
And still might want me a Stormy Daniels
Sometimes you gotta bag the boss up
I call that takin' Corey Gambles
Find yourself up in the food court
You might have to enjoy a sample
All these thots on Christian Mingle
Almost what got Tristan single
If you don't ball like him or Kobe
Guarantee that bitch gonna leave you
Ayy, time is extremely valuable
And I prefer to waste it on girls that's basic
That's just some Ye shit
Right now, let's do what we want
Let's have a threesome: me, you, and a blunt
I love your titties 'cause they prove
I can focus on two things at once
Let me hit it raw like fuck the outcome
Ayy, none of us'd be here without cum
Ayy, if it ain't all about the income
Ayy, ayy, let me see you go ahead and spend some
Ayy, if you drivin' 'round in some Dri-Fit
Ayy, I'ma think that you the type to dry snitch
Hm, mhm, if I see you pull up with the three stripes
Ayy, ayy, I'ma fuck around and make you my bitch
For all my Southside niggas that know me best
I feel like me and Taylor might still have sex
Why? I made that bitch famous (Goddamn)
I made that bitch famous
For all the girls that got dick from Kanye West
If you see 'em in the streets give 'em Kanye's best
Why? They mad they ain't famous (Goddamn)
They mad they still nameless (Talk that talk, man)
Her man in the store tryna try his best
But he just can't seem to get Kanye fresh
But we still hood famous (Goddamn)
Yeah, we still hood famous
I be Puerto Rican day parade floatin'
That Benz Marina Del Rey coastin'
She in school to be a real estate agent
Last month I helped her with the car payment
Young and we alive, whoo!
We never gonna die, whoo!
I just copped a jet to fly over personal debt
Put one up in the sky
The sun is in my eyes, whoo!
Woke up and felt the vibe, whoo!
No matter how hard they try, whoo!
We never gonna die
They smile in my face is what I don't like
They steal your whole sound: that's a soundbite
The media crucify me like they did Christ
They want to find me not breathin' like they found Mike
(Whoa-oh-oh) A girl'll run her mouth only out of spite
(Whoa-oh-oh) But I'd never hit a woman, never in my life
(Ayy!) I was in too deep like Mekhi Phife'
(Ayy!) In that pussy so deep I could have drowned twice
(Whoa-oh-oh) Rose gold Jesus piece with the brown ice
(Whoa-oh-oh) Eatin' good: vegetarian with the brown rice
(Ayy!) Girls kissin' girls, ‘cause it's hot, right?
(Ayy!) But unless they use a strap-on, then they not dykes
(Whoa-oh-oh) They ain't about that life, they ain't about that life
(Whoa-oh-oh) We hangin' out the window: it's about to be a Suge night
(Ayy!) Free Bump J, real nigga for life
(Ayy!) Shoutout to Derrick Rose, man, that nigga nice
(Whoa-oh-oh) Shoutout to L.E.P., Jay Boogie, right?
(Whoa-oh-oh) Chief Keef, King Louie, this is Chi, right? Right?!
And I always find, yeah, I always find something wrong
You been putting up with my shit just way too long
I'm so gifted at finding what I don't like the most
So I think it's time for us to have a toast
Let's have a toast for the douchebags
Let's have a toast for the assholes
Let's have a toast for the scumbags
Every one of them that I know
Let's have a toast for the jerk-offs
That'll never take work off
Baby, I got a plan
Run away fast as you can
She find pictures in my e-mail
I sent this bitch a picture of my dick
I don't know what it is with females
But I'm not too good at that shit
See, I could have me a good girl
And still be addicted to them hoodrats
And I just blame everything on you
At least you know that's what I'm good at
And I always find, yeah, I always find
Yeah I always find something wrong
You been putting up with my shit just way too long
I'm so gifted at finding what I don't like the most
So I think it's time for us to have a toast
Let's have a toast for the douchebags
Let's have a toast for the assholes
Let's have a toast for the scumbags
Every one of them that I know
Let's have a toast for the jerk-offs
That'll never take work off
Baby, I got a plan
Run away fast as you can
Run away from me, baby, ah, run away
Run away from me, baby
(Look at ya, look at ya, look at ya)
Run away
When it starts to get crazy
(Look at ya, look at ya, look at ya)
Then, run away
Babe, I got a plan, run away as fast as you can
Run away from me, baby, run away
Run away from me, baby
(Look at-look at-look at-look at-look at-look at-look at ya)
Run away
When it starts to get crazy
(Look at ya, look at ya, look at ya, look at ya)
Why can't she just, run away?
Baby, I got a plan, run away as fast as you can
Never was much of a romantic
I could never take the intimacy
And I know I did damage
Cause the look in your eyes is killing me
I guess you are at an advantage
Cause you can blame me for everything
And I don't know how I'ma manage
If one day you just up and leave
And I always find, yeah, I always find something wrong
You been putting up with my shit just way too long
I'm so gifted at finding what I don't like the most
So I think it's time for us to have a toast
Let's have a toast for the douchebags
Let's have a toast for the assholes
Let's have a toast for the scumbags
Every one of them that I know
Let's have a toast for the jerk-offs
That'll never take work off
Baby, I got a plan
Run away fast as you can
Real friends, how many of us?
How many of us, how many jealous? Real friends
It's not many of us, we smile at each other
But how many honest? Trust issues
Switched up the number, I can't be bothered
I cannot blame you for havin' an angle
I ain't got no issues, I'm just doin' my thing
Hope you're doin' your thing, too
I'm a deadbeat cousin, I hate family reunions
Fuck the church up by drinkin' at the communion
Spillin' free wine, now my tux is ruined
In town for a day, what the fuck we doin'?
Who your real friends? We all came from the bottom
I'm always blamin' you, but what's sad, you not the problem
Damn I forgot to call her, shit I thought it was Thursday
Why you wait a week to call my phone in the first place?
When was the last time I remembered a birthday?
When was the last time I wasn't in a hurry?
Real friends
I guess I get what I deserve, don't I?
Word on the streets is they ain't heard from him
I guess I get what I deserve, don't I?
Talked down on my name, throwed dirt on him
I couldn't tell you how old your daughter was (Was)
Couldn't tell you how old your son is (Is)
I got my own Jr. on the way, dawg (Dawg)
Plus I already got one kid (Kid)
Couldn't tell you much about the fam though
I just showed up for the yams though
Maybe 15 minutes, took some pictures with your sister
Merry Christmas, then I'm finished, then it's back to business
You wanna ask some questions 'bout some real shit? (Shit)
Like I ain't got enough pressure to deal with (With)
Please don't pressure me with that bill shit (Shit)
Cause everybody got 'em that ain't children
Oh you've been nothin' but a friend to me
Niggas thinkin' I'm crazy, you defendin' me
It's funny I ain't spoke to niggas in centuries
To be honest, dawg, I ain't feelin' your energy
Money turn your kin into an enemy
Niggas ain't real as they pretend to be
Lookin' for all my real friends
How many of us? How many of us are real friends
To real friends, 'til the reel end
'Til the wheels fall off, 'til the wheels don't spin (Yeah yeah)
To 3 A.M., callin'
How many real friends?
Just to ask you a question
Just to see how you was feelin'
How many?
For the last you was frontin'
I hate when a nigga text you like, "What's up, fam? Hope you good"
You say, "I'm good, I'm great," the next text they ask you for somethin'
How many?
What's best for your family, immediate or extended
Any argument, the media'll extend it
I had a cousin that stole my laptop that I was fuckin' bitches on
Paid that nigga 250 thousand just to get it from him
Real friends
Huh?
Real friends
I guess I get what I deserve, don't I
Word on the streets is they ain't heard from him
I guess I get what I deserve, don't I
Talked down on my name, throwed dirt on him
I'm living in that 21st Century, doing something mean to it
Do it better than anybody you ever seen do it
Screams from the haters, got a nice ring to it
I guess every superhero need his theme music
No one man should have all that power
The clock’s ticking, I just count the hours
Stop tripping, I'm tripping off the power
(21st-Century schizoid man)
The system broken, the school is closed, the prison's open
We ain't got nothing to lose, motherfucker, we rolling
Huh? Motherfucker, we rolling
With some light-skinned girls and some Kelly Rowlands
In this white man world, we the ones chosen
So goodnight, cruel world, I'll see you in the morning
Huh? I'll see you in the morning
This is way too much, I need a moment
No one man should have all that power
The clock's ticking, I just count the hours
Stop tripping, I'm tripping off the power
'Til then, fuck that, the world's ours
And they say, and they say
And they say, and they say
And they say, and they say
(21st-Century schizoid man)
Fuck SNL and the whole cast
Tell them Yeezy said they can kiss my whole ass
More specifically, they can kiss my asshole
I'm an asshole? You niggas got jokes
You short-minded niggas thoughts is Napoleon
My furs is Mongolian, my ice brought the goalies in
And I embody every characteristic of the egotistic
He knows, he's so fucking gifted
I just needed time alone with my own thoughts
Got treasures in my mind but couldn't open up my own vault
My childlike creativity, purity, and honesty
Is honestly being crowded by these grown thoughts
Reality is catching up with me
Taking my inner child, I'm fighting for custody
With these responsibilities that they entrusted me
As I look down at my diamond-encrusted piece
Thinking no one man should have all that power
The clock's ticking, I just count the hours
Stop tripping, I'm tripping off the powder
'Til then, fuck that, the world’s ours
And they say, and they say
And they say, and they say
And they say, and they say
(21st-Century schizoid man)
Colin Powells, Austin Powers
Lost in translation with a whole fucking nation
They say I was the abomination of Obama's nation
Well, that's a pretty bad way to start the conversation
At the end of the day, god damn it, I'm killing this shit
I know damn well y'all feeling this shit
I don't need your pussy, bitch, I'm on my own dick
I ain't gotta power trip, who you going home with?
How 'Ye doing? I'm surviving
I was drinking earlier, now I'm driving
Where the bad bitches, huh? Where you hiding?
I got the power to make your life so exciting
(So excit—so excit—so excit—so excit—)
Now this will be a beautiful death
I'm jumping out the window, I'm letting everything go
I'm letting everything go
Now this will be a beautiful death
I'm jumping out the window, I'm letting everything go
I'm letting everything go
Now this will be a beautiful death
I'm jumping out the window, I'm letting everything go
Letting everything go
You got the power to let power go?
(21st-Century schizoid man)
I miss the old Kanye, straight from the Go Kanye
Chop up the soul Kanye, set on his goals Kanye
I hate the new Kanye, the bad mood Kanye
The always rude Kanye, spaz in the news Kanye
I miss the sweet Kanye, chop up the beats Kanye
I gotta say, at that time I'd like to meet Kanye
See, I invented Kanye, it wasn't any Kanyes
And now I look and look around and there's so many Kanyes
I used to love Kanye, I used to love Kanye
I even had the pink polo, I thought I was Kanye
What if Kanye made a song about Kanye
Called "I Miss The Old Kanye"? Man, that'd be so Kanye
That's all it was Kanye, we still love Kanye
No more parties in L.A.
Please, baby, no more parties in L.A., uh
No more parties in L.A.
Please, baby, no more parties in L.A., uh
No more (Los Angeles)
Please (Shake that body, party that bod-)
Please (Shake that body, party that bod-)
Please (Shake that body, party that body)
Scary, scary
No more parties in L.A.
Please, baby, no more parties in L.A.
Friday night, tryna make it into the city
Breakneck speeds, passenger seat—somethin' pretty
Thinking back to how I got here in the first place
Second-class bitches wouldn't let me on first base
A backpack nigga with luxury tastebuds
And the Louis Vuitton store got all of my pay stubs
Got pussy from beats I did for niggas more famous
When did I become A-list? I wasn't even on a list
Strippers get invited to where they only got hired
When I get on my Steve Jobs, somebody gon' get fired
I was uninspired since Lauryn Hill retired
And 3 Stacks, man, you preaching to the choir
Any rumor you ever heard about me was true and legendary
I done got Lewinsky'd and paid secretaries
For all my niggas with babies by bitches
That use they kids as meal tickets
Not knowin' the disconnect from the father
The next generation will be the real victims
I can't fault 'em, really
I remember Amber told my boy
No matter what happens, she ain't goin' back to Philly
Back to our regularly scheduled programmin'
Of weak content and slow jammin'
But don't worry, this one's so jammin'
You know it, L.A., it's so jammin'
I be thinkin' every day
Mulholland Drive need to put up some goddamn barricades
I be paranoid every time, the pressure
The problem ain't I be drivin', the problem is I be textin'
My psychiatrist got kids that I inspired
First song they played for me was 'bout their friend that just died
Textin' and drivin' down Mulholland Drive
That's why I'd rather take the 405
I be worried 'bout my daughter, I be worried 'bout Kim
But Saint is baby 'Ye, I ain't worried 'bout him
Had my life threatened by best friends with selfish intents
What I'm supposed to do?
Ride around with a bulletproof car and some tints?
Every agent I know, know I hate agents
I'm too black, I'm too vocal, I'm too flagrant
Something smellin' like shit, that's the new fragrance
It's just me, I do it my way, bitch
Some days I'm in my Yeezys, some days I'm in my Vans
If I knew y'all made plans, I wouldn't have popped the Xans
I know some fans thought I wouldn't rap like this again
But the writer's block is over; emcees, cancel your plans
A 38-year-old 8-year-old with rich nigga problems
Tell my wife that I hate the Rolls so I don't never drive it
It took six months to get the Maybach all matted out
And my assistant crashed it soon as they backed it out
Goddamn! Got a bald fade, I might slam
Pink fur, got Nori dressin' like Cam
Thank God for me! (Los Angeles)
Whole family gettin' money, thank God for E!
I love rockin' jewelry, a whole neckful
Bitches say he fun-ny and disrespectful
I feel like Pablo when I'm workin' on my shoes
I feel like Pablo when I see me on the news
I feel like Pablo when I'm workin' on my house
Tell 'em party's in here, we don't need to go out
We need the turbo thots, high speed, turbo thots
Drop-dro-dro-dro-drop, like Robocop
She brace herself and hold my stomach, good dick'll do that
She keep pushin' me back, good dick'll do that
She push me back when the dick go too deep
This good dick'll put your ass to sleep
Get money (Money, money, money)!
Big, big money (Money, money, money!)
And as far as real friends, tell all my cousins I love 'em
Even the one that stole the laptop, you dirty motherfucker!
Please, no more parties in L.A.
Please, baby, no more parties in L.A., uh
No more parties in L.A.
Please, baby, no more parties in L.A., uh
No more parties in L.A.
Please, baby, no more parties in L.A., uh
Lost out, beat up
Dancin', down there
I found you, somewhere out
'Round 'round there, right right there
Lost and beat up
Down there, dancin'
I found you, somewhere out
Right down there, right 'round there
Lost and, found out
Turned out, how you thought
Daddy, found out
That you turned out, how you turned out
If mama knew now
How you turned out, you too wild
You too wild, you too wild
You too wild, I need you now
Love you (Got to)
Love you (Love you)
Found you, found you
Right now, right now
Right now, right now
If your mama knew how
You turned out, you too wild
You too wild, you too wild
You too wild, and I need you now
Lost and found out
And I need you now
Lost and found out (Yeah)
Yeah
You gotta let me know if I could be your Joseph
Only tell you real shit, that's the tea, no sip
Don't trip, don't trip, that pussy slippery, no whip
We ain't trippin' on shit, we just sippin' on this
Just forget the whole shit, we could laugh about nothin'
I impregnate your mind, let's have a baby without fuckin', yo
I know it's corny bitches you wish you could unfollow
I know it's corny niggas you wish you could unswallow
I know it's corny bitches you wish you could unfollow
I know it's corny niggas you wish you could unswallow
Ay, I know it's corny bitches you wish you could unfollow
I know it's corny niggas you wish you could unswallow
You tried to play nice, everybody just took advantage
You left your fridge open, somebody just took a sandwich
I said, "Baby, what if you was clubbin'
Thuggin', hustlin' before you met your husband?"
Then I said, "What if Mary was in the club
'Fore she met Joseph, around hella thugs?"
Cover Nori in lambs' wool
We surrounded by the fuckin' wolves
(What if Mary) "What if Mary
(Was in the club) Was in the club
'Fore she met Joseph with no love?"
Cover Saint in lambs' wool
(And she was) We surrounded by
(Surrounded by) The fuckin' wolves
Ever-ever, Mr. West is in the buildin'
Ain't no question who about to kill 'em
I used to have hood dreams, big fame, big chains
I stuck my dick inside this life until that bitch came
And went hard all fall like the ball teams
Just so I can make it rain all spring
Y'all seen my story, my glory
I had raped the game young, you can call it statutory
When a nigga blow up they gonna build statues for me
Old money, Benjamin Button, "What?" nothin'
Now it's super bad chicks givin' me McLovin
You would think I ran the world like Michelle's husband
You would think these niggas know me when they really doesn't
Like they was down with the old me, no you fuckin' wasn't
Um, you're such a fuckin' loser
He ain't even go to class, Bueller
Trade the Grammy plaques just to have my granny back
Remember she had that bad hip like a fanny pack?
Chasin' the stardom will turn you to a maniac
All the way in Hollywood and I can't even act
They pull the cameras out and goddamn, he snap
I used to want this thing forever, y'all can have it back
(She give me money) Now, I ain't sayin' she a gold digger
(When I'm in need) But she ain't messin' with no broke niggas
(She give me money) Now, I ain't sayin' she a gold digger
(When I'm in need) But she ain't messin' with no broke niggas
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head, get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head, get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head, get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head
Cutie the bomb, met her at a beauty salon
With a baby Louis Vuitton under her underarm
She said: "I can tell you rock, I can tell by your charm
Far as girls, you got a flock
I can tell by your charm and your arm"
But I'm lookin' for the one, have you seen her?
My psychic told me she'll have a ass like Serena
Trina, Jennifer Lopez, four kids
And I gotta take all they bad asses to ShowBiz?
Okay, get your kids, but then they got their friends
I pulled up in the Benz, they all got up in
We all went to din' and then I had to pay
If you fuckin' with this girl, then you better be paid
You know why? It take too much to touch her
From what I heard she got a baby by Busta
My best friend said she used to fuck with Usher
I don't care what none of y'all say, I still love her
(She give me money) Now, I ain't sayin' she a gold digger
(When I'm in need) But she ain't messin' with no broke niggas
(She give me money) Now, I ain't sayin' she a gold digger
(When I'm in need) But she ain't messin' with no broke niggas
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head, get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head, get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head, get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head
Eighteen years, eighteen years
She got one of your kids, got you for eighteen years
I know somebody payin' child support for one of his kids
His baby mama car and crib is bigger than his
You will see him on TV any given Sunday
Win the Super Bowl and drive off in a Hyundai
She was supposed to buy your shorty Tyco with your money
She went to the doctor, got lipo with your money
She walkin' around lookin' like Michael with your money
Shoulda got that insured, Geico for your money
If you ain't no punk
Holla, "We want prenup! We want prenup!" (Yeah!)
It's somethin' that you need to have
‘Cause when she leave yo' ass, she gon' leave with half
Eighteen years, eighteen years
And on the 18th birthday, he found out it wasn't his?
(She give me money) Now, I ain't sayin' she a gold digger
(When I'm in need) But she ain't messin' with no broke niggas
(She give me money) Now, I ain't sayin' she a gold digger
(When I'm in need) But she ain't messin' with no broke niggas
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head, get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head, get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head, get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head
Now, I ain't sayin' you a gold digger, you got needs
You don't want a dude to smoke, but he can't buy weed
You go out to eat, he can't pay, y'all can't leave
There's dishes in the back, he gotta roll up his sleeves
But while y'all washin', watch him
He gon' make it to a Benz out of that Datsun
He got that ambition, baby, look at his eyes
This week he moppin' floors, next week it's the fries
So stick by his side
I know there's dudes ballin', and yeah, that's nice
And they gonna keep callin' and tryin', but you stay right, girl
And when he get on, he'll leave yo' ass for a white girl
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head, get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head, get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head, get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head
Let me hear that back
Faaaaaaaa— (Perfect)
Faaaaaaaa—
Faaaaaaaa—
Faaaaaaaa—
I told, I told, ayy-ayy, I told you
Up in the mornin', miss you bad
Sorry I ain't call you back, same problem my father had
All this time, all he had, all he had
And what he dreamed, all his cash
Market crashed, hurt him bad
People get divorced for that
Dropped some stacks, pops is good
Mama passed in Hollywood
If you ask, lost my soul
Drivin' fast, lost control
Off the road, jaw was broke
'Member we all was broke
'Member I'm comin' back
I'll be takin' all the stacks, oh
I just wanna feel liberated, I, I, I (Hey)
I just wanna feel liberated, I, I, I (Panda)
Panda, panda, panda, panda
Takin' all the stacks, oh
Panda, panda, panda
Stacks, oh
Takin' all the stacks, oh
I been waiting for a minute
For my lady
So I can't jeopardize that for one of these hoes
I been living without limits
As far as my business
I'm the only one that's in control
I been feeling all I've given
For my children
I will die for those I love
God, I'm willing
To make this my mission
Give up the women
Before I lose half of what I own
I been thinking
About my vision
Pour out my feelings
Revealing the layers to my soul
My soul
The layers to my soul
Revealing the layers to my soul
See, before I let you go
One last thing I need to let you know
You ain't never seen nothing crazier than
This nigga when he off his Lexapro
Remember that last time in Mexico?
Remember that last time, the episode?
Asking me why the hell I text in code?
Four times just to say, "Don't text me, ho"
Told you four times, "Don't test me, ho"
And we finna lose all self-control
But you ain't finna be raising your voice at me
Especially when we in the Giuseppe store
But I'ma have the last laugh in the end
'Cause I'm from a tribe called check a ho
Yeah, I'ma have to laugh Indian
'Cause I'm from a tribe called check a ho
And I...
See through the veil
And forget all of your cares
Throw them
Throw them away
Don't stop your loving
Don't stop for nothing
No, not for nothing
They don't wanna see me love you
Don't now, don't stop it
They always love it
They always wanna
They don't wanna see me love you
See through the veil
They don't wanna see me love you
And forget all your cares
They don't wanna see me love you
Throw them
Throw them away
Ooh, life's a feeling and
Ooh, the body is a feeling, yeah
Turn me up!
Step up in this bitch like (Turn me up!)
I'm the one your bitch like
Yeah I'm the one your bitch like (Turn me up!)
And I be talkin' shit like
I ain't scared to lose a fistfight (Turn me up!)
And she grabbin' on my, like
She wanna see if it'll fit right (Turn me up!)
That's just the wave
Sun don't shine in the shade, ugh (Turn me up!)
Bird can't fly in a cage, ugh (Turn me up!)
Even when somebody go away (Turn me up!)
The feelings don't really go away
That's just the wave
Some day we gon' set it off
Some day we gon' get this off
Baby, don't you bet it all
On a pack of Fentanyl
You might think they wrote you off
They gon' have to rope me off
Someday the drama'll be gone
And they'll play this song on and on
Sometimes I take all the shine
Talk like I drank all the wine
Years ahead but way behind
I'm on one, two, three, four, five
No half-truths, just naked minds
Caught between space and time
This not what we had in mind
But maybe some day
La, la, la la (Yeah)
Wait 'til I get my money right
I had a dream I could buy my way to heaven
When I awoke, I spent that on a necklace
I told God I'd be back in a second
Man it's so hard not to act reckless
To whom much is given, much is tested
Get arrested guess until he get the message
I feel the pressure, under more scrutiny
And what I do? Act more stupidly
Bought more jewelry, more Louis V
My mama couldn't get through to me
The drama, people suing me
I'm on TV talking like it's just you and me
I'm just saying how I feel man
I ain't one of the Cosby's, I ain't go to Hillman
I guess the money should've changed him
I guess I should've forgot where I came from
La, la, la la
Wait 'til I get my money right
La, la, la la
Then you can't tell me nothing, right?
Excuse me, was you saying something?
Uh uh, you can't tell me nothing
You can't tell me nothing
Uh uh, you can't tell me nothing
Let up the suicide doors
This is my life homie, you decide yours
I know that Jesus died for us
But I couldn't tell ya who decide wars
So I parallel double parked that motherfucker sideways
Old folks talking 'bout, "Back in my day"
But homie this is my day
Class started 2 hours ago, oh am I late?
No, I already graduated
And you can live through anything if Magic made it
They say I talk with so much emphasis
Ooh they so sensitive
Don't ever fix your lips like collagen
And say something when you gon' end up apolog'ing
Let me know if it's a problem then, aight man, holla then
La, la, la la
Wait 'til I get my money right
La, la, la la
Then you can't tell me nothing, right?
Excuse me, was you saying something?
Uh uh, you can't tell me nothing
You can't tell me nothing
Uh uh, you can't tell me nothing
Let the champagne splash, let that man get cash
Let that man get past
He don't even stop to get gas
If he can move through the rumors, he can drive off of fumes 'cause
How he move in a room full of no's?
How he stay faithful in a room full of hoes?
Must be the pharaohs, he in tune with his soul
So when he buried in a tomb full of gold
Treasure, what's your pleasure?
Life is a, UH, depending how you dress her
So if the Devil wear Prada, Adam Eve wear nada
I'm in between but way more fresher
With way less effort, 'cause when you try hard
That's when you die hard
Your homies looking like why God
When they reminisce over you, my God
La, la, la la
Wait 'til I get my money right
La, la, la la
Then you can't tell me nothing, right?
Excuse me, was you saying something?
Uh uh, you can't tell me nothing
You can't tell me nothing
Uh uh, you can't tell me nothing
La, la, la la
Wait 'til I get my money right
La, la, la la
Then you can't tell me nothing, right?
(I'm serious nigga, I got money)
All day, nigga
Dance, ayy, ayy ayy ayy
All day, nigga
How long you niggas ball? All day, nigga
How much time you spent at the mall? All day, nigga
How many runners do you got on call? All day, nigga
Swish, swish, how long they keep you in court? All day, nigga
Take you to get this fly? All day, nigga
Tell your P.O. how-how long you been high? All day, nigga
You already know I’m straight from the Chi, all day, nigga
South, south, south side! All day, nigga
This Ye, nigga
Shoppin' for the winter and it’s just May, nigga
Ball so hard, man, this shit cray, nigga
And you ain't gettin' money 'less you got eight figures
For that Jesus piece, man, I've been saved, nigga
Just talked to Farrakhan, that's sensei, nigga
Told him I've been on ten since the 10th grade, nigga
Got a middle finger longer than Dikembe, my nigga, uh
I don't let 'em play with me
I don't let 'em talk to me no kind of way
Uh, they better watch what they say to me
Niggas still gettin' popped on the day to day
Yeah, I still got the hundred with the small face, nigga
Might spend 50 racks on my off day, nigga
You a fake Denzel like the Allstate nigga
If you run into me, better have Allstate with yah
You a Rico Suave nigga
Ride 'round listen to Sade, nigga
If you ain't with us, you in our way, nigga
You an actor, you should be on Broadway, nigga
'Cause you do shit the broad way, nigga
Your bitch got a ass, but my broad way thicker
Late for the class, in the hallway, nigga
Yeah, the dropout at it as always nigga, as always
All day, nigga
All day, nigga
How-h-how long you ball? All day, nigga
How much time you spent at the mall? All day, nigga
How long it take you to get this fly? All day, nigga
Tell your P.O. how-how long you been high? All day, nigga
Pour some Hen out for my niggas that died, all day, nigga
And I keep a bad bitch on the passenger side, all day, nigga
You already know I’m straight from the Chi, all day, nigga
South, south, south side! All day, nigga
I could do this all day, boy, I'm finna turn this bitch out
They need that Ye in the streets, boy, there's been a mothafuckin' drought
Don't really matter what I make, boy, you know I still go wild
Like a light-skinned slave, boy, we in the mothafuckin' house!
Right now, you lookin' real sus right now
I swear I've been on this flight like a month right now
Stupid niggas gettin' money, Forrest Gump right now
Shout-out to Jackie Chan, I need to stunt right now
They've been lookin' at the Gram, I've been lookin' at the Grammys
Like, huh, that's us right now
24/7, 365 days, everybody gettin' paid
Niggas lookin' at me like I'm worth both MJs
People saying, "Ye, Ye, take it easy"
20 Gs for the Yeezys off of eBay
Niggas do the most and they ain't done shit
Only way I can sum it up, sumbitch
Get low, alright
Get low, alright
What up? Alright, alright
Stay low, alright
Stay low, alright
Stay low, alright
South, south, south side! All day, nigga
Hard to see, ooh
The hang ups we have today-ay-ay
But they don't really realize, though
Said we need to strive for more liberty
This next verse, this next verse though
Lift yourself up on your feet
These bars
Lift yourself up on your feet
Watch this, go
Poopy-di scoop
Scoop-diddy-whoop
Whoop-di-scoop-di-poop
Poop-di-scoopty
Scoopty-whoop
Whoopity-scoop, whoop-poop
Poop-diddy, whoop-scoop
Poop, poop
Scoop-diddy-whoop
Whoop-diddy-scoop
Whoop-diddy-scoop, poop
I should be downtown, whipping on the way to you
You got something that belongs to me
Your body language says it all
Despite the things you said to me
Who is it that's got you all gassed up?
Changin' your opinion on me
I was only gone for the last few months
But you don't have the time to wait on me
I tried with you
There's more to life than sleeping in and getting high with you
I had to let go of us to show myself what I could do
And that just didn't sit right with you
And now you're tryna make me feel a way, on purpose
Now you're throwing it back in my face, on purpose
Now you're talking down on my name, on purpose, yeah
And you don't feel no way, you think I deserve it
World's, world's, world's famous
World's, world's, world's famous
Feel a way, feel a way, young nigga feel a way
I've stopped listenin' to things you say
'Cause you don't mean it anyway, yeah
Feel a way, feel a way, young nigga feel a way
Maybe we just should have did things my way
Instead of the other way
I tried with you
There's more to life than sleeping in and getting high with you
I had to let go of us to show myself what I could do
And that just didn't sit right with you
And now you're tryna make me feel a way, on purpose
Now you're throwing it back in my face, on purpose
Now you're talking down on my name, on purpose, yeah
And you don't feel no way, you think I deserve it
World's, world's, world's famous
World's, world's, world's famous
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Feel a way, feel a way, young nigga feel a way
I've stopped listening to things you say
Feel a way, feel a way, young nigga feel a way
I've stopped listening to things you say
Bitch, I'm back out my coma
Wakin' up on your sofa
When I park my Range Rover
Slightly scratch your Corolla
Okay, I smashed your Corolla
I'm hangin' on a hangover
Five years we been over
Ask me why I came over
One more hit and I can own ya
One more fuck and I can own ya
One cold night in October
Pussy had me floatin'
Feel like Deepak Chopra
Pussy had me dead
Might call 2Pac over
Yeezy's all on your sofa
These the Red Octobers
Still ain't learn me no manners
You love me when I ain't sober
You love me when I'm hungover
Even when I blow doja
Then her auntie came over
Skinny bitch with no shoulders
Tellin' you that I'm bogus
Bitch, you don't even know us
"Baby girl, he's a loner"
"Baby girl, he's a loner"
Late-night organ donor
After that, he disown ya
After that he's just hopeless
Soul mates become soulless
"When it's over it's over"
And bitch, I'm back out my coma
Blazin', mi don't want dem
Mi need dem
Blazin
Suh mi tek har outta bugah red and put her in a tall skirt
And now she find out what life is really worth
No to X rated
Yo mi tek har outta bugah red and put her in a tall skirt
And now she find out what life is really worth
No to X rated
I am a God
I am a God
I am a God
I am a God
Hurry up with my damn massage
Hurry up with my damn ménage
Get the Porsche out the damn garage
I am a God
Even though I'm a man of God
My whole life in the hand of God
So y'all better quit playin' with God
Soon as they like you make 'em unlike you
Cause kissin' people ass is so unlike you
The only rapper compared to Michael
So here's a few hatin'-ass niggas to fight you
And here's a few snake-ass niggas to bite you
And I don't even wanna hear 'bout what niggas might do
Old niggas mentally still in high school
Since the tight jeans they ain't never liked you
Pink-ass polos with a fuckin' backpack
But everybody know you brought real rap back
Nobody had swag, man, we the Rat Pack
Virgil, Pyrex, Don C snapback
Ibn diamond, Chi-town shinin'
Monop' in this bitch again, changed the climate
Hop in this bitch to give Saint the garment
Until the day I get struck by lightning
I am a God
So hurry up with my damn massage
In a French-ass restaurant
Hurry up with my damn croissants
I am a God
I am a God
I am a God
Ahh!
Ahh!
I just talked to Jesus
He said, "What up, Yeezus?"
I said, "Shit—I'm chillin'
Tryna stack these millions"
I know he the most high
But I am a close high
Mi casa, su casa
That's our cosa nostra
I am a God
I am a God
I am a God
Ahh!
Ahh!
Ahh!
Ahh!
Penitentiary chances, the devil dances
And eventually answers to the call of Autumn
All of them fallin' for the love of ballin'
Got caught with 30 rocks, the cop look like Alec Baldwin
Inter-century anthems based off inner-city tantrums
Based off the way we was branded
Face it; Jerome get more time than Brandon
And at the airport they check all through my bag
And tell me that it’s random
But we stay winning, this week has been a bad massage
I need a happy ending and a new beginning
And a new fitted, and some job opportunities that's lucrative
This the real world, homie, school finished
They done stole your dreams, you dunno who did it
I treat the cash the way the government treats AIDS
I won't be satisfied til all my niggas get it, get it?
Is hip-hop just a euphemism for a new religion?
The soul music of the slaves that the youth is missing
But this is more than just my road to redemption
Malcolm West had the whole nation standing at attention
As long as I'm in Polo smiling, they think they got me
But they would try to crack me if they ever see a black me
I thought I chose a field where they couldn't sack me
If a nigga ain't shootin' a jump shot, running a track meet
But this pimp is, at the top of Mount Olympus
Ready for the World's game, this is my Olympics
We make 'em say ho 'cause the game is so pimpish
Choke a South Park writer with a fishstick
I insisted to get up offa this dick
And these drugs, niggas can't resist it
Remind me of when they tried to have Ali enlisted
If I ever wasn't the greatest nigga, I must have missed it!
I need more drinks and less lights
And that American Apparel girl in just tights
She told the director she tryna get in a school
He said, "Take them glasses off and get in the pool"
It’s been a while since I watched the tube
'Cause like a Crip set, I got way too many blues for any more bad news
I was looking at my resume feeling real fresh today
They rewrite history, I don't believe in yesterday
And what's a black Beatle anyway, a fucking roach?
I guess that's why they got me sitting in fucking coach
My guy said I need a different approach
'Cause people is looking at me like I'm sniffing coke
It's not funny anymore, try different jokes
Tell 'em hug and kiss my ass, X and O
And kiss the ring while they at it, do my thing while I got it
Play strings for the dramatic ending of that wack shit
Act like I ain't had a belt in two classes
I ain't got it I'm coming after whoever who has it
I'm coming after whoever; who has it?
You blowin' up, that’s good, fantastic
That, y'all, it's like that, y'all
I don't really give a fuck about it at all
'Cause the same people that tried to black ball me
Forgot about two things, my black balls
Dirt and grime and filth inside
The story of my lifetime
Of cheating, stealing, never feeling
Pain of a brother, your dirty mother
Ha, ha, ha, look how far we are
G-G-G-Good work, Charlie
(Perfect!)
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy just jumped over Jumpman
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy just jumped over Jumpman
(You!)
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy, I feel so accomplished
I done talked a lot of shit but I just did the numbers
Herzog and Adidas, man, you know they love it
If Nike ain't have Drizzy, man, they would have nothin', woo!
If Nike ain't have Don C, man, they would have nothin', ooh!
But I'm all for the family, tell 'em, "Get your money"
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy, they line up for days
Nike out here bad, they can't give shit away
I stuck to my roots, I'm like Jimmy Fallon
I ain't dropped the album but the shoes went platinum (Woo!)
Every time I talk, they say I'm too aggressive
I was out here spazzin', now y'all get the message?!
On the field I'm over-reckless, on my Odell Beckham
2020, I'ma run the whole election, yah!
I've been trending years, y'all a couple days
Yeezy in the house and we just got appraised
Nike, Nike treat employees just like slaves
Gave LeBron a billi' not to run away (You!)
Ten-thousand dollar fur for Nori, I just copped it (You!)
Your baby daddy won't even take your daughter shoppin' (You!)
I done wore designers I won't wear again
Make 'em niggas famous, they get arrogant
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy just jumped over Jumpman, ah!
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy just jumped over Jumpman
(Sonic boom!)
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy, this is pure luxury
I give 'em Grey Poupon on a DJ Mustard, ah!
If you ain't poppin' shit then why you rap for, huh?
Plus Kimoji just shut down the app store, ah!
And we made a million a minute, we made a million a minute
(We did)
Yeah, we made a million a minute, we made a million a minute, ah!
Do anybody feel bad for Bill Cosby?
Did he forget the names just like Steve Harvey? (You!)
Tell Adidas that we need a million in production (You!)
I done told y'all, all I needed was the infrastructure (Boom!)
Now we hottest in the streets, it ain't no discussion
James Harden, Swaggy P runnin' up the budget (Yoga flame!)
Keep the work at my baby mama's mama's house
I'm a jerk, you need to work, you need to call my spouse
Yeezy, Yeezy, take a picture with me on Rodeo
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy, I might do my own hotel
Couches, couches, couches, couches, which one should I pick?
I need extra deep, I like my bitches extra thick (sonic boom!)
Every time I see the news, man it bring me home
Call up DJ Mano, shout out Twilite Tone
We just blessed to be alive, yeah, ain't that the truth?
So let's celebrate the life of Timbuck2
Timbuck2, Timbuck2
Ha, ha, ha, look how far we are, are, are, are, are, are, are
(Perfect!)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
I fantasized 'bout this back in Chicago
Mercy, mercy me, that Murcielago
That's me, the first year that I blow
How you say broke in Spanish? Me no hablo
Me drown sorrow in that Diablo
Me found bravery in my bravado
DJs need to listen to the models
"You ain't got no fuckin' Yeezy in your Serato?"
You ain't got no Yeezy, nigga?
Stupid, but what the hell do I know?
I'm just a Chi-town nigga with a Nas flow
And my chick in that new Phoebe Philo
So much head, I woke up to Sleepy Hollow
Look like a fat booty Celine Dion
Sex is on fire, I'm the King of Leon-a Lewis
Beyond the truest, hey, teacher, teacher
Tell me how do you respond to students?
And refresh the page and restart the memory?
Re-spark the soul and rebuild the energy?
We stopped the ignorance, we killed the enemies
Sorry for the night demons that still visit me
The plan was to drink until the pain over
But what's worse, the pain or the hangover?
Fresh air, rollin' down the window
Too many Urkels on your team, that's why your wins low
Don't make me pull the toys out, huh
Don't make me pull the toys
And fire up the engines, huh
And then they make noise
Whose fault?
On a bathroom wall I wrote
"I'd rather argue with you than to be with someone else"
I took a piss and dismiss it like "fuck it"
And I went and found somebody else
Fuck arguing and harvesting the feelings
Yo, I'd rather be by my fucking self
Till about two a.m. and I call back
And I hang up and I start to blame myself
Somebody help
You weren't perfect but you made life worth it
Stick around, some real feelings might surface
Been a long time since I spoke to you in a bathroom
Gripping you up, fucking and choking you
What the hell was I supposed to do?
I know you ain't getting this type of dick from that local dude
And if you are I hope you have a good time
'Cause I definitely be having mine
And you ain't finna see a mogul get emotional
Every time I hear bout other niggas is strokin' you
Lying, say I hit you, he sitting there consoling you
Runnin' my name through the mud, who's provoking you?
You should be grateful a nigga like me ever noticed you
Now you noticeable and can't nobody get control of you
1 AM and can't nobody get a hold of you
I'm calling your brother's phone, like, what was I supposed to do?
Even though I knew, he never told the truth
He was just gon' say whatever that you told him to
At a certain point, I had to stop asking questions
Y'all got dirt on each other like mud wrestlers
I heard he bought some coke with my money
That ain't right, girl
You getting blackmailed for that white girl
You always said, "Yeezy, I ain't your right girl
You'll probably find one of them 'I like art'-type girls"
"All of the lights," she was caught in the hype, girl
And I was satisfied being in love with a lie
Now who to blame? You to blame?
Me to blame? For the pain
And it poured every time when it rained
Let's play the blame game
"Things used to be, now they not
Anything but us is who we are
Disguising ourselves as secret lovers
We've become public enemies
We walk away like strangers in the street
Gone for eternity
We erased one another
So far from where we came
With so much of everything, how do we leave with nothing?
Lack of visual empathy equates the meaning of L-O-V-E
Hatred and attitude tear us entirely"
Let's play the blame game, I love you more
Let's play the blame game for sure
Let's call out names, names, I hate you, more
Let's call out names, names, for sure
I can't love you this much, I can't love you this much
I can't love you this much, I can't love you this much
I can't love you this much, no, I can't love you this much
I can't love you this much, I can't love you this much
And I know that you are somewhere doing your thing
And when the phone called it just ring and ring
You ain't pick up but your phone accidentally called me back
And I heard the whole thing
I heard the whole thing, the whole thing, the whole thing
We are not the same, I am too reckless
I'm not tryna go in that direction
These niggas, they been doin' too much flexin'
And they about to call the wrong attention
And I don't got no patience, no more testin'
I do shit how I want, don't need no blessin'
XO niggas ain't nothin' to mess with
Nobody stoppin' us, oh no, we destined
And everybody 'round you is so basic
I'm never rockin' white, I'm like a racist
I don't drink my liquor with a chase in
That money is the only thing I'm chasin'
And some dope dimes on some coke lines
Gimme head all night, cum four times
Baby girl just wanna smoke a pound
Do an ounce, get some dick, tell her friends about it
Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell 'em what you know, what you seen
How I roll, how I get it on the low
Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell your friends about it
I'm that nigga with the hair
Singin' 'bout poppin' pills, fuckin' bitches, livin' life so trill
Last year I did all the politickin'
This year I'ma focus on the vision (The vision)
I think these hoes deserve another fixin' (Fixin')
I'm talkin' 'bout the ones from the beginnin' (Oh, oh, oh)
Don't believe the rumors, bitch, I'm still a user
I'm still rockin' camo and still roll with shooters
I'm a villain in my city, I just made another killin'
I'ma spend it all on bitches (On bitches)
And everybody fuckin', everybody fuckin'
Pussy on the house, everybody fuckin'
Man, I miss my city, man, it's been a minute (Been a minute)
MIA a habit, Cali was the mission
Cruise through the west-end in my new Benz (Ooh, woah)
I'm just tryna live life through a new lens
Drivin' by the streets I used to walk through
When I had no crib, I guess you call that shit a miracle
Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell 'em what you know, what you seen
How I roll, how I get it on the low
Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell your friends about it
I'm that nigga with the hair
Singin' 'bout poppin' pills, fuckin' bitches, livin' life so trill
Roll some, think I’ll roll some
To know some, if we both honest
Who lasts? Yeah, you lie
Spent the whole summer
Tryna be at the wrong place at the right time
But I know what's mine when I see it
I know
My cousin said I made it big and it's unusual
She tried to take a selfie at my Grandma's funeral
Used to roam on Queen, now I sing Queen Street anthems
Used to hate attention, now I pull up in that wagon
And I was broken, I was broken, I was so broke
I used to roam around the town when I was homeless
Me and Lamar would rob a nigga for his Jordans
And flip it just to get these hoes another nose fix
Now we get faded when we want, girl, we got choices
Lay them on the fuckin' table, we got choices
And if they wanna fuck my niggas, they got choices
They told me not to fall in love, that shit is pointless
Yeah, that shit is pointless
They told me not to fall in love, that shit is pointless
Yeah, that shit is pointless
They told me not to fall in love, that shit is pointless
Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell 'em what you know, what you seen
How I roll, how I get it on the low
Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell your friends about it
I'm that nigga with the hair
Singin' 'bout poppin' pills, fuckin' bitches, livin' life so trill
Uh, uh
I love it though
I love it though, y'know?
Put your hands to the constellations
The way you look should be a sin, you my sensation
I know I'm preaching to the congregation
We love Jesus but you done learned a lot from Satan
I mean, a nigga did a lot of waiting
We ain't married but tonight I need some consummation
May the Lord forgive us, may the gods be with us
In that magic hour I seen good Christians
Make rash decisions, oh, she do it
What happened to religion? Oh, she lose it
She putting on her make up, she casually allure
Text message break ups, the casualty of tour
How she gon' wake up and not love me no more?
I thought I was the asshole, I guess it's rubbing off
Hood phenomenon, the LeBron of rhyme
Hard to be humble when you stunting on a jumbotron
I'm looking at her like, "This what you really wanted, huh?"
Why we argue anyway? Oh, I forgot, it's summertime
Put your hands to the constellations
The way you look should be a sin, you my sensation
I know I'm preaching to the congregation
We love Jesus but she done learned a lot from Satan
(Satan, Satan, Satan)
I mean, a nigga did a lot of waiting
We ain't married but tonight I need some consummation
When the sun go down, it's the magic hour, the magic hour
And outta all the colors that'll fill up the skies
You got green on your mind, I can see it in your eyes
Why you standing there with your face screwed up?
Don't leave while you're hot that's how Mase screwed up
Throwing shit around, the whole place screwed up
Maybe I should call Mase so he could pray for us
I hit the Jamaican spot, at the bar, take a seat
I ordered the jerk, she said you are what you eat
You see I always loved that sense of humor
But tonight you should have seen how quiet the room was
The Lyor Cohen of Dior Homme
That's "Dior Homme", not "Dior, homie"
The crib Scarface, could it be more Tony?
You love me for me? Could you be more phony?
Put your hands to the constellations
The way you look should be a sin, you my sensation
Haven't said a word—haven't said a word to me this evening
Cat got your tongue?
Yeah, 9:08 L.A. time
Back in the lab and shit
My wife said, "I can't say no to nobody"
And at this rate we gon' both die broke
Got friends that ask me for money knowin' I'm in debt
And like my wife said, I still didn't say no
People tryna say I'm goin' crazy on Twitter
My friends' best advice was to stay low
I guess it's hard to decipher all of the bills
Especially when you got family members on payroll
The media said it was outlandish spendin'
The media said he's way out of control
I just feel like I'm the only one not pretendin'
I'm not out of control, I'm just not in they control
I know I'm the most influential
That TIME cover was just confirmation
This generation's closest thing to Einstein
So don't worry about me, I'm fine
I can see a thousand years from now in real life
Skate on the paradigm and shift it when I feel like
Troll conventional thought, don't need to question
I know it's antiquated so sometimes I get aggressive
Thank God for Jay Electra, he down with the mission
Did it with no permission, on our own conditions
Most blacks with money have been beaten to submission
Yeezy with the big house, did it way different
Never listen to Hollywood producers
Don't stare at money too long, it's Medusa
The ultimate Gemini has survived
I wasn't supposed to make it past 25
I've been wakin' the spirits of millions more to come
A million illegally downloaded my truth over the drums
I believe in the children, listen to the kids, bro
If the phone ringin', go and get your kids, ho
Brother Don Muhammad told the minister about the presentation
He sat back and smiled
Black on black lies is worse than black on black crime
The Jews share their truth on how to make a dime
Most black men couldn't balance a checkbook
But buy a new car, talkin' 'bout, "How my neck look?"
Well, it all looks great
Four hundred years later, we buyin' our own chains
The light is before us brothers, so the devil workin' hard
Real family stick together and see through the mirage
The smokescreens, perceptions of false reality
Who the real owner if your boss gets your salary?
I am one with the people
I am one with the people (Real!)
I've been woken from enlightened man's dream
Checkin' Instagram comments to crowdsource my self-esteem
Let me not say too much or do too much
'Cause if I'm up way too much, I'm out of touch
I'm prayin' a out-of-body experience will happen
So the people can see my light, now it's not just rappin'
God, I have humbled myself before the court
Drop my ego and confidence was my last resort
I know, I know He got a plan, I know I'm on Your beams
One set of footsteps, You was carryin' me
When I turned on the news and they was buryin' me
One set of footsteps, You was carryin' me
When I was negotiatin' with Apple, it was Larry and me
Told Tim Cook to call me, I was scary to see
I would've took a hundred million and gave twenty to Hov
I heard it's the way they did it when we only had a stove
But it's better that I stayed at home with my folks
'Cause if Jay a billionaire then I'ma never go broke
Only thing I ask is next time I'm on stage we all go
We all go
Not just by myself, lookin' for niggas like where's Waldo
She got the same shoes as my wife but she copped 'em at Aldo
Modern-day MJ, with a off-the-wall flow
Damn, your lips very soft
As I turn my Blackberry off
And I turn your bathwater on
And you turn off your iPhone
Careless whispers, eye fuckin', bitin' ass
Neck, ears, hair, legs, eating ass
Your pussy's too good, I need to crash
Your titties, let 'em out, free at last
Thank God almighty, they free at last
We was up at the party but we was leavin' fast
Had to stop at 7-Eleven like I needed gas
I'm lyin', I needed condoms, don't look through the glass
Chasin' love, all the bittersweet hours lost
Eatin' Asian pussy, all I need was sweet and sour sauce
Tell your boss you need an extra hour off
Get you super wet after we turn the shower off
That’s right, I’m in it
(Should’ve known I would fall)
I’m in it
(Steppin' on cracks on the floor)
That’s right
(And your boys at your door)
That’s right, I’m in it
(Well, you need to fight for your own)
That’s right, I’m in it
(Then don’t let me at your table)
I’m in it
(If you just gonna lay there)
Damn right
(Fist jumps in the air, you love flame wars)
(I'll be gone long, grab that ass, shed your clothes)
Uh, picked up where we left off
Uh, I need you home when I get off
Uh, you know I need that wet mouth
Uh, I know you need that reptile
Uh, she cut from a different textile
Uh, she love different kinds of sex now
Uh, black girl sippin' white wine
Put my fist in her like a civil rights sign
And grabbed it with a slight grind
And held it 'til the right time
Then she came like AAAAAHHH!
Time to take it too far now
Uh, Michael Douglas out the car now
Uh, got the kids-and-the-wife life
Uh, but can't wake up from the nightlife
Uh, I'm so scared of my demons
Uh, I go to sleep with a nightlight
Uh, my mind move like a Tron bike
Uh, pop a wheelie on the Zeitgeist
Uh, I'm finna start a new movement
Uh, being led by the drums
Uh, I'm a rap-lic priest
Uh, gettin' head by the nuns
Uh, they don't play what I'm playin'
Uh, they don't see what I'm sayin'
Uh, they be ballin' in the D-League
Uh, I be speakin' Swaghili
You know, a lot of girls be
Thinkin' my songs are about them
This is not to get confused
This one's for you
Baby, you my everything, you all I ever wanted
We could do it real big, bigger than you ever done it
You be up on everything, other hoes ain't never on it
I want this forever, I swear I can spend whatever on it
'Cause she hold me down every time I hit her up
When I get right, I promise that we gon' live it up
She made me beg for it 'til she give it up
And I say the same thing every single time
I say, you the fuckin' best (Ayy), you the fuckin' best (Ayy)
You the fuckin' best (Ayy), you the fuckin' best (Ayy)
You the best I ever had (Ayy), best I ever had (Ayy)
Best I ever had (Ayy), best I ever had
I say, you the fuckin'
Know you got a roommate, call me when there's no one there
Put the key under the mat and you know I be over there (Yup)
I be over there, shawty, I be over there
I be hittin' all the spots that you ain't even know was there
And you don't even have to ask twice
You could have my heart or we could share it like the last slice
Always felt like you was so accustomed to the fast life
Have a nigga thinkin' that he met you in a past life
Sweatpants, hair tied, chillin' with no make-up on
That's when you're the prettiest
I hope that you don't take it wrong
You don't even trip when friends say
"You ain't bringin' Drake along?"
You know that I'm workin', I'll be there soon as I make it home
And she a patient in my waiting room
Never pay attention to the rumors and what they assume
And until them girls prove it
I'm the one that never get confused with, 'cause
Baby, you my everything, you all I ever wanted
We could do it real big, bigger than you ever done it
You be up on everything, other hoes ain't never on it
I want this forever, I swear I can spend whatever on it
'Cause she hold me down every time I hit her up
When I get right, I promise that we gon' live it up
She made me beg for it 'til she give it up
And I say the same thing every single time
I say, you the fuckin' best (Ayy), you the fuckin' best (Ayy)
You the fuckin' best (Ayy), you the fuckin' best (Ayy)
You the best I ever had (Ayy), best I ever had (Ayy)
Best I ever had (Ayy), best I ever had
I say, you the fuckin'
Sex, Love, Pain, baby, I be on that Tank shit
Buzz so big I could probably sell a blank disc
When my album drop, bitches'll buy it for the picture
And niggas'll buy it too and claim they got it for they sister
Magazine paper, girl, the money ain't the issue
They bring dinner to my room and ask me to initial
She call me the referee 'cause I be so official
My shirt ain't got no stripes, but I can make your pussy whistle
Like the Andy Griffith theme song
And who told you to put them jeans on?
Double cup love, you the one I lean on
Feelin' for a fix, then you should really get your fiend on
Yeah, just know my condo is the crack spot
Every single show, she out there reppin' like a mascot
Get it from the back and make your fuckin' bra strap pop
All up in your slot 'til a nigga hit the jackpot, I'm saying
Baby, you my everything, you all I ever wanted
We could do it real big, bigger than you ever done it
You be up on everything, other hoes ain't never on it
I want this forever, I swear I can spend whatever on it
'Cause she hold me down every time I hit her up
When I get right, I promise that we gon' live it up
She made me beg for it 'til she give it up
And I say the same thing every single time
I say, you the fuckin' best (Ayy), you the fuckin' best (Ayy)
You the fuckin' best (Ayy), you the fuckin' best (Ayy)
You the best I ever had (Ayy), best I ever had (Ayy)
Best I ever had (Ayy), best I ever had
I say, you the fuckin' best (Ayy), you the fuckin' best (Ayy)
You the fuckin' best (Ayy), you the fuckin' best (Ayy)
You the best I ever had (Ayy), best I ever had (Ayy)
Best I ever had (Ayy), best I ever had
Uhh, ah yeah
See, this the type of joint you gotta dedicate to somebody
Just make sure they that special somebody
Young Money, yeah, yeah
You know who you are
I got you
Woke up an optimist
Sun was shinin', I'm positive
We can run
Then I heard you was talkin' trash
I'm on a mystery
Hold me back, I'm 'bout to spaz
If I go to jail tonight
Promise you'll pay my bail
See they want to buy my pride
But that just ain't up for sale
See all of my kindness (mhm)
Is taken for weakness
Something wrong, I hold my head
MJ gone, our nigga dead
I slapped my girl, she called the feds
I did that time and spent that bread
I'm heading home, I'm almost there
I'm on my way, heading up the stairs
To my surprise, a nigga replacing me
I had to take him to that ghetto university
(All of the lights) Cop lights, flashlights, spotlights
Strobe lights, street lights (All of the lights, all of the lights)
Fast life, drug life, thug life
Rock life, every night (All of the lights)
Restraining order, can't see my daughter
Her mother, brother, grandmother hate me in that order
Public visitation, we met at Borders
Told her she take me back, I'll be more supportive
I made mistakes, I bumped my head
Courts sucked me dry, I spent that bread
She need her daddy, baby, please
Can't let her grow up in that ghetto university
(All of the lights) Cop lights, flashlights, spotlights
Strobe lights, street lights (All of the lights, all of the lights)
Fast life, drug life, thug life
Rock life, every night (All of the lights)
I'm so appalled, Spalding ball
Balding Donald Trump taking dollars from y'all
Baby, you're fired, your girlfriend hired
But if you don't mind, I'ma keep you on call
We above the law, we don't give a fuck 'bout y'all
I got dogs that'll chew a fucking hole through the wall
But since they all lovers, I need more rubbers
And if I don't use rubbers, need more covers
Housekeeping, I mean goddamn
One time let it be a bad bitch sweeping
That know we get O's like Cheerios
That know because they seen us in the videos
That know the day that you play me
Would be the same day MTV play videos
That was a little joke, voila
Praises due to the most high, Allah
Praises due to the most fly, Prada
Baby, I'm magic, tada
Address me as your highness, high as United
30,000 feet up and you are not invited
Niggas be writing bullshit like they gotta work
Niggas is going through real shit, man, they out of work
That's why another goddamn dance track gotta hurt
That's why I'd rather spit something that got a purp'
Champagne wishes, thirty white bitches
I mean this shit is fucking ridiculous
Fucking ridiculous, I mean this shit is fucking ridiculous
Five star dishes, different exotic fishes
Man, this shit is fucking ridiculous
Fucking ridiculous
Champagne wishes, thirty white bitches
I mean this shit is fucking ridiculous
Fucking ridiculous, I mean this shit is fucking ridiculous
Five star dishes, different exotic fishes
Man, this shit is fucking ridiculous
Fucking ridiculous
Bad luck to talk on these rides
Mind on the road, your dilated eyes watch the clouds float
White Ferrari, had a good time
(Sweet 16, how was I supposed to know anything?)
I let you out at Central
I didn't care to state the plain
Kept my mouth closed, we're both so familiar
White Ferrari, good times
Stick by me, close by me
You were fine, you were fine here
That's just a slow body
You left when I forgot to speak
So I text the speech, lesser speeds, Texas speed, yes
Basic takes its toll on me, 'ventually, 'ventually, yes
Ahh, on me 'ventually, 'ventually, yes
I care for you still and I will forever
That was my part of the deal, honest
We got so familiar
Spending each day of the year
White Ferrari, good times
In this life (life), in this life (life)
One too many years
Some tattooed eyelids on a facelift
(Thought you might want to know now)
Mind over matter is magic, I do magic
If you think about it, it'll be over in no time
And that's life
I'm sure we're taller in another dimension
You say we're small and not worth the mention
You’re tired of movin', your body's achin'
We could vacay, there's places to go
Clearly this isn't all that there is
Can't take what's been given
But we're so okay here, we're doing fine
Primal and naked
You dream of walls that hold us in prison
It's just a skull, least that's what they call it
And we're free to roam
As I lay me down to sleep
I hear her speak to me
Hello 'Mari, how ya doin'?
I think the storm ran out of rain, the clouds are movin'
I know you're happy, cause I can see it
So tell the voice inside ya head to believe it
I talked to God about you, he said he sent you an angel
And look at all that he gave you
You asked for one and you got two
You know I never left you
Cause every road that leads to heaven's right inside you
So I can say
Hello, my only one, just like the mornin' sun
You'll keep on risin' 'til the sky knows your name
Hello my only one, remember who you are
No you're not perfect but you're not your mistakes
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Oh, the good outweighs the bad even on your worst day
Remember how I'd say
Hey hey one day, you'll be the man you always knew you could be
And if you knew how proud I was
You'd never shed a tear, have a fear, no you wouldn't do that
And though I didn't pick the day to turn the page
I know it's not the end every time I see her face, and I hear you say
Hello my only one, remember who you are
You got the world cause you got love in your hands
And you're still my chosen one
So can you understand? One day you'll understand
So hear me out, hear me out
I won't go, I won't go
No goodbyes, no goodbyes
Just hello, just hello
And when you cry, I will cry
And when you smile, I will smile
And next time when I look in your eyes
We'll have wings and we'll fly
Hello my only one, just like the mornin' sun
You'll keep on risin' 'til the sky knows your name
And you're still my chosen one, remember who you are
No you're not perfect but you're not your mistakes
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Tell Nori about me, tell Nori ab-
I just want you to do me a favor
Tell Nori about me, tell Nori about me
Tell Nori about me, tell Nori about me
Tell Nori about me, tell Nori about me
Tell Nori about me, tell Nori about me
Tell Nori about me...
Man, I promise, she's so self-conscious
She has no idea what she doin' in college
That major that she majored in don't make no money
But she won't drop out, her parents'll look at her funny
Now, tell me that ain't insecurr
The concept of school seems so securr
Sophomore, three yurrs, ain't picked a carurr
She like, "Fuck it, I'll just stay down hurr and do hair."
'Cause that's enough money to buy her a few pairs
Of new Airs, 'cause her baby daddy don't really care
She's so precious with the peer pressure
Couldn't afford a car, so she named her daughter Alexis
She had hair so long that it looked like weave
Then she cut it all off, now she look like Eve
And she be dealin' with some issues that you can't believe
Single black female addicted to retail, and well
Man, I promise, I'm so self-conscious
That's why you always see me with at least one of my watches
Rollie's and Pasha's done drove me crazy
I can't even pronounce nothin', pass that Ver-say-see!
Then I spent four hundred bucks on this
Just to be like, "Nigga, you ain't up on this."
And I can't even go to the grocery store
Without some Ones that's clean and a shirt with a team
It seem we livin' the American Dream
But the people highest up got the lowest self-esteem
The prettiest people do the ugliest things
For the road to riches and diamond rings
We shine because they hate us, floss 'cause they degrade us
We tryna buy back our 40 acres
And for that paper, look how low we'll stoop
Even if you in a Benz, you still a nigga in a coupe
I say, "Fuck the police," that's how I treat 'em
We buy our way out of jail, but we can't buy freedom
We'll buy a lot of clothes, but we don't really need 'em
Things we buy to cover up what's inside
'Cause they made us hate ourself and love they wealth
That's why shorty's hollerin', "Where the ballers at?"
Drug dealer buy Jordan, crackhead buy crack
And the white man get paid off of all of that
But I ain't even gon' act holier than thou
'Cause fuck it, I went to Jacob with 25 thou
Before I had a house and I'd do it again
‘Cause I wanna be on 106 & Park, pushin' a Benz
I want to act ballerific like it's all terrific
I got a couple past-due bills, I won't get specific
I got a problem with spendin' before I get it
We all self-conscious, I'm just the first to admit it
N-now th-that that don't kill me
Can only make us stronger
I need you to hurry up now
‘Cause I can't wait much longer
I know I got to be right now
‘Cause I can't get much wronger
Man, I've been waiting all night now
That's how long I been on ya
(Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger)
(I need you right now!)
(More than ever, hour after hour
Work–)
(I need you right now!)
Let's get lost tonight
You could be my black Kate Moss tonight
Play secretary, I'm the boss tonight
And you don't give a fuck what they all say, right?
Awesome, the Christian in Christian Dior
Damn, they don't make 'em like this anymore
I ask, ‘cause I'm not sure
Do anybody make real shit anymore?
Bow in the presence of greatness
‘Cause right now, thou hast forsaken us
You should be honored by my lateness
That I would even show up to this fake shit
So go ahead, go nuts, go apeshit!
'Specially in my Pastellé, on my Bape shit
Act like you can't tell who made this
New Gospel, homie, take six
And take this, haters!
N-now th-that that don't kill me
Can only make me stronger
I need you to hurry up now
‘Cause I can't wait much longer
I know I got to be right now
‘Cause I can't get much wronger
Man, I've been waiting all night now
That's how long I been on ya
(Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger)
(I need you right now!)
(More than ever, hour after hour
Work–)
(I need you right now!) Me likey!
I don't know if you got a man or not
If you made plans or not
If God put me in your plans or not
I'm trippin', this drink got me saying a lot
But I know that God put you in front of me
So how the hell could you front on me?
There's a thousand you's, there's only one of me
I'm trippin', I'm caught up in the moment, right?
‘Cause it's Louis Vuitton Don night
So we gon' do everything that Kan like
Heard they'd do anything for a Klondike
Well, I'd do anything for a blonde dyke
And she'll do anything for the limelight
And we'll do anything when the time's right
Uh, baby, you're makin' it–
(Harder, better, faster, stronger)
N-now th-that that don't kill me
Can only make me stronger
I need you to hurry up now
‘Cause I can't wait much longer
I know I got to be right now
‘Cause I can't get much wronger
Man, I've been waiting all night now
That's how long I been on ya
(Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger)
(I need you right now!)
(I need you right now!)
You know how long I've been on ya
Since Prince was on Apollonia
Since O.J. had Isotoners
Don't act like I never told ya
Don't act like I never told ya
Don't act like I never told ya
Don't act like I never told ya
Don't act like I never told ya
Baby, you're makin' it
(Harder, better, faster, stronger)
N-now th-that that don't kill me
Can only make me stronger
I need you to hurry up now
‘Cause I can't wait much longer
I know I got to be right now
‘Cause I can't get much wronger
Man, I've been waiting all night now
That's how long I been on ya
(Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger)
(I need you right now!)
(I need you right now!)
Right now!
Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger
(I need you right now!)
(I need you right now!)
You know how long I've been on ya
Since Prince was on Apollonia
Since O.J. had Isotoners
Don't act like I never told ya
You know how long I've been on ya
Since Prince was on Apollonia
Since O.J. had Isotoners
Don't act like I never told ya told ya told ya
Never told ya…told ya told ya told ya
Never told ya…told ya told ya told ya
Never told ya…told ya told ya told ya
Never told ya…told ya told ya told ya
Never over…Never over… Never over… Never over…
Never over…Never over… Never over… Never over…
(Harder, better, faster, stronger)
Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger
More than ever, hour after
Our work is never over
Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger
More than ever, hour after—
Our work is never over
Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger
More than ever, hour after hour
Work is never over
Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger
More than ever, hour after hour
Work is never over
And I hope you learn to make it on your own
And if you love yourself, just know you'll never be alone
I hope that you get everything you want and that you chose
I hope that it's the realest thing that you ever know
Hope you get the pretty girls, that's pretty and everything
Million-dollar cribs, havin' million dollar dreams
And when you get it all, just remember one thing
Remember one thing, one man could change the world
One man could change the world
Turn my headphones up, louder, uh-huh, uh-huh
Hello, hello, hello, hello, white America, assassinate my character
Money matrimony, yeah, they tryna break the marriage up
Who gon' act phony, or who gon' try to embarrass ya?
I'ma need a day off, I think I'll call Ferris up
Bueller had a Muller but I switched it for a Mille
'Cause I’m richer, and prior to this shit, was movin' free base
Had a conference with the DJs (Yeah?), Puerto Rico three days
Poli with the PDs, now they got our shit on replay
Sorry I’m in pajamas but I just got off the PJ
And last party we had, they shut down Prive
Ain’t that where the Heat play? (Yeah)
Niggas hate ballers these days (Yeah)
Ain’t that like LeBron James?
Ain’t that just like D-Wade? Wait
Sponsored by U.S. Army
Contact A Recruiter Today
SEE MORE
Shit could get menacin', frightenin', find help
Sometimes I scare myself, myself
Shit could get menacin', frightenin', find help
Sometimes I scare, myself, myself
Tweakin', tweakin' off that 2C-B, huh
Is he gon' make it? TBD, huh
Thought I was gon' run, DMC, huh
I done died and lived again on DMT, huh
See, this a type of high that won't come down
This the type of high that get you gunned down
Yeezy, Yeezy trollin' OD, huh
Turn TMZ to Smack DVD, huh
Russell Simmons wanna pray for me too
I'ma pray for him 'cause he got MeToo'd
Thinkin' what if that happened to me too
Then I'm on E! News
Shit could get menacin', frightenin', find help
Sometimes I scare myself, myself
Shit could get menacin', frightenin', find help
Sometimes I scare myself, myself
Ayy, hospital band a hundred bands, fuck a watch
Hundred grand'll make your best friends turn to opps
I hear y'all bringin' my name up a lot
Guess I just turned the clout game up a notch
See, y'all really shocked, but I'm really not
You know how many girls I took to the titty shop?
If she get the ass with it, that's a 50 pop
I still bring the bad bitches in the city out
Uh, just a different type of leader
We could be in North Korea, I could smoke with Wiz Khalifa, uh
Told my wife I've never seen her
After I hit it, bye Felicia, that's the way that I'ma leave it up
Shit could get menacin', frightenin', find help
See, this is why all the bitches fuck with Ye!
Fuck what they talk about!
Sometimes I scare myself, myself
They take me on meds, off meds, ask yourself
Shit could get menacin', frightenin', find help
Ask your homegirl right now, "Look, you had a shot at Ye?"
Sometimes I scare myself, myself
You'd drop everything!
Tweakin', tweakin' off that 2C-B, huh
This is why your bitches fuck with me, huh
Smash, she gon' end up on TV, huh
Last thing that you ever wanna see, huh
I can feel the spirits all around me
I think Prince and Mike was tryna warn me
They know I got demons all on me
Devil been tryna make an army
They been strategizin' to harm me
They don't know they dealin' with a zombie
Niggas been tryna test my Gandhi
Just because I'm dressed like Abercrombie
You see? You see?
That's what I'm talkin' 'bout!
That's why I fuck with Ye!
See, that's my third per-
That's my bipolar shit, nigga, what?
That's my superpower, nigga, ain't no disability
I'm a superhero! I'm a superhero!
Agghhh!
Hold up, I ain't trying to stunt, man
But the Yeezys jumped over the Jumpman
Went from most hated to the champion god flow
I guess that's a feeling only me and LeBron know
I'm living three dreams
Biggie Smalls', Dr. King, Rodney King's, uhh
Cause we can't get along - no resolution
'Til we drown all these haters, rest in peace to Whitney Houston
Cars, money, girls and the clothes
Aww man, you sold your soul
Naw man, mad people was frontin'
Aww man, made somethin' from nothin'
Picture workin' so hard, and you can't cut through
That can mess up your whole life, like an uncle that touched you
What has the world come to? I'm from the 312
Where cops don't come through and dreams don't come true
Like there the God go, in his Murcielago
From workin' McDonalds, barely payin' the car note
He even got enough, to get his mama a condo
Then they ran up and shot him, right in front of his mom
40 killings in a weekend, 40 killings in a week
Man, the summer too hot, you can feel it in the street
Welcome to Sunday service, if you hope to someday serve us
We got green in our eyes, just follow my Erick Sermon
Did Moses not part the water with the cane?
Did strippers not make an ark when I made it rain?
Did Yeezy not get signed by Hov and Dame?
And ran to Jacob and made the new Jesus chains?
In Jesus' name, let the choir say
"I'm on fire, ay," that's what Richard Pryor say
And we'll annihilate anybody that violate
Ask any dope boy you know, they admire 'Ye
G.O.O.D. Music! G.O.O.D. Music!
G.O.O.D. Music! G.O.O.D. Music!
And all my niggas say "G.O.O.D. Music!"
And all my ladies say "G.O.O.D. Music!"
I don't know but I've been told
(I don't know but I've been told)
If you get fresh get all the hoes
(If you get fresh get all the hoes)
I'm way fresher than all my foes
(I'm way fresher than all my foes)
Somebody, please pick out they clothes
(Somebody, please pick out they clothes)
And all my niggas say "G.O.O.D. Music!"
And all my ladies say "G.O.O.D. Music!"
Who runnin' shit today? G.O.O.D. Music!
Who runnin' shit today? G.O.O.D. Music!
This a number one champion sound (Yeah)
Yeah, Estelle, we 'bout to get down (Get down)
Who the hottest in the world right now? (Uh)
Just touched down in London town (Uh)
Bet they give me a pound (Uh)
Tell them put the money in my hand right now (Yeah)
Tell the promoter we need more seats
We just sold out all the floor seats
La, la la, la la, eya
La, la la, la la, eya
La, la la, la la, eya
Will you be my American boy? American boy
Who killin' them in the UK?
Everybody gonna say, "You, K"
Reluctantly, 'cause most of this press don't fuck with me
Estelle once said to me, "Cool down, down
Don't act a fool now, now."
I always act a fool oww, oww
Ain't nothing new now, now
He crazy, I know what you thinkin'
Ribena, I know what you're drinkin'
Rap singer, chain blinger
Holler at the next chick soon as you're blinkin'
What's your persona about this Americana rhymer?
Am I shallow ‘cause all my clothes designer? Uh
Dressed smart like a London bloke (Yeah)
Before he speak his suit bespoke (Woop)
And you thought he was cute before
Look at this pea coat, tell me he's broke (Woo)
And I know you ain't into all that
I heard your lyrics, I feel your spirit
But I still talk that ca-a-ash
'Cause a lotta wags wanna hear it
And I'm feelin' like Mike at his baddest
Like The Pips at their gladdest
And I know they love it
So to hell with all that rubbish
La, la la, la la, eya (La, la)
La, la la, la la, eya (Ooh, ooh)
La, la la, la la, eya
Will you be my American boy?
I want to see you work out for me, work out for me
Ayy, we've got a good thing
Don’t know if I’ma see you again
But is that a good thing?
'Cause girl, I can’t be your man, no ma'am
I know what's on your brain
You probably hoped it never would end
Like, “Is it the real thing
Or is it just a one-night stand?”
Well then
Let me see you get high, then go low
Now, girl, won't you drop that thing down to the floor?
I’m here for one night, how far will you go?
I wanna see you (Work out for me, work out for me)
High, then go low
Now, girl, won't you drop that thing down to the floor?
I’m here for one night, how far will you go?
I wanna see you (Work out for me, work out for me)
She like them boys with the big ol' chains
Ridin' around town in a big ol' Range
I knew her when I rocked big ol' jeans
Now the little nigga doin' big ol' thangs
Would you look at that? I came back for her
Just to give it to ya, like you asked for it
Man, that thing in them jeans too fat for her
Rebounds so I caught her off the backboard
I told her: “Baby girl, come here
Know I run the town even when I ain't from there.”
And I brag hardly, but just to show up at this party
I made what yo' nigga make in one year
That's unfair, but so is life, take a chance, roll the dice
Money can’t buy you love, 'cause it’s overpriced
Don’t overthink, just hope it's right
I’m only here for the night
Ayy, we've got a good thing
Don’t know if I’ma see you again
But is that a good thing?
'Cause girl, I can’t be your man, no ma'am
I know what's on your brain
You probably hoped it never would end
Like, “Is it the real thing
Or is it just a one-night stand?”
Well then
Let me see you get high, then go low
Now, girl, won't you drop that thing down to the floor?
I’m here for one night, how far will you go?
I wanna see you (Work out for me, work out for me)
High, then go low
Now, girl, won't you drop that thing down to the floor?
I’m here for one night, how far will you go?
I wanna see you (Work out for me, work out for me)
Carolina Blue kicks, fresh on the scene
Hottest nigga on the block
Damn, girl, you're mean
They be startin' shit, but it’s yo' world
On my Martin shit: “You go, girl!”
She bad and she know it
Some niggas save hoes, I’m not that heroic
Could you be my escort?
'Cause just like them two door Fords
Damn, they don’t make 'em like you no more
Cole World, real Cole World
Them boys cool—me, I’m on fire
Know what's on my mind
Tryna see what's on yours tonight, tonight, tonight
Move slow, 'cause you wanna live fast
Up late so you'll probably skip class
Life is a test so before the night pass, get right, get right
Ayy, we've got a good thing
Don’t know if I’ma see you again
But is that a good thing?
'Cause girl, I can’t be your man, no ma'am
I know what's on your brain
You probably hoped it never would end
Like, “Is it the real thing
Or is it just a one-night stand?”
Well then (Cole World)
Straight up, now tell me
Do you really wanna love me forever? (Oh oh oh)
Or is it just a hit-and-run?
(Well, hey) Straight up, I tell ya
I just really wanna cut when we together (Oh oh oh)
Come here, girl, let's get it on!
(Work out for me)
Straight up, now tell me
Do you really wanna love me forever? (Oh oh oh)
Or is it just a hit-and-run?
Well straight up, I tell ya
I just really wanna cut when we together (Oh oh oh)
Come here, girl, let's get it on!
(Work out for me)
Uhh, can the headphones go louder?
Kanye West!
Yup, Swag King Cole, yup
DJ Khaled!
Can't a young nigga get money any more?
Tell PETA my mink is dragging on the floor
Can I have a bad bitch without no flaws
Come to meet me without no drawers?
Dinner with Anna Wintour, racing with Anja Rubik
I told you motherfuckers it was more than the music
In the projects one day, to Project Runway
We done heard all that loud-ass talking, we're used to it
I'm from where shorties fucked up, double-cupped up
Might even kill somebody and YouTube it
To whoever think their words affect me is too stupid
And if you can do it better than me, then you do it!
We flyer than a parakeet, floatin' with no parachute
Six thousand dollar pair of shoes, we made it to the Paris news!
Don't talk about style cause I embarrass you
Shut the fuck up when you talk to me 'fore I embarrass you
Can't a young nigga get money any more?
Tell PETA my mink is dragging on the floor
Can I have a bad bitch without no flaws
Come to meet me without no drawers?
And the whole industry want to fuck your old chick
Only nigga I got respect for is Wiz
And I'll admit, I had fell in love with Kim
Around the same time she had fell in love with him
Well that's cool, baby girl, do ya thang
Lucky I ain't had Jay drop him from the team
La Familia, Roc Nation
We in the building, we still keep it basement
Flyer than a parakeet, floatin' with no parachute
Six thousand dollar pair of shoes, I made it to the Paris news
Don't talk about style cause I'll embarrass you
Shut the fuck up when you talk to me 'fore I embarrass you
G.O.O.D. Music, we fresh, we fresh
Anything else, we detest, detest
Bitch-ass niggas got ass and breasts
All that said, let me ask this quest'
Can't a young nigga get money any more?
Tell PETA my mink is dragging on the floor
Can I have a bad bitch without no flaws
Come to meet me without
Don't talk to me 'bout style, nigga, I'll mothafuckin' embarrass you
Talking 'bout clothes, I'll mothafuckin' embarrass you
Hollering 'bout some hoes, I'll mothafuckin' embarrass you
Way too cold, I promise you'll need some Theraflu
(Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh) Get the Theraflu
(Uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh) Get the Theraflu
(Uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh, uh-uh, uh-uh)
(Uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh) Get the Theraflu
Damn, Yeezy and Hov, where the hell you been?
Niggas talking real reckless; stuntmen
I adopted these niggas, Phillip Drummond them
Now I’m 'bout to make them tuck their whole summer in
They say I’m crazy, but I’m 'bout to go dumb again
They ain't seen me 'cause I pulled up in my other Benz
Last week I was in my other other Benz
Throw your diamonds up 'cause we in this bitch another 'gain
I made Jesus Walks, I'm never going to hell
Couture level flow is never going on sale
Luxury rap, the Hermès of verses
Sophisticated ignorance, write my curses in cursive
I get it custom, you a customer
You ain't accustomed to going through customs
You ain't been nowhere, hah?
And all the ladies in the house got 'em showing off
I'm done, I'll hit you up maña...nah!
Can’t you see the private jets flying over you?
Maybach bumper sticker read: "What would Hova do?"
Jay is chillin' (Uh), Ye is chillin' (Uh)
What more can I say? We killin' 'em
Hold up before we end this campaign
As you can see, we done bodied the damn lames
Lord, please let them accept the things they can't change
And pray that all of their pain be champagne
Scream it
Give it
Scream it
The most beautiful thoughts are always besides the darkest
Today, I seriously thought about killing you
I contemplated, premeditated murder
And I think about killing myself
And I love myself way more than I love you, so…
Today, I thought about killing you, premeditated murder
You'd only care enough to kill somebody you love
The most beautiful thoughts are always inside the darkest
(Mhm—mhm—mhm—mhm—mhmm)
Just say it out loud to see how it feels
People say "don't say this, don't say that"
Just say it out loud, just to see how it feels
Weigh all the options, nothing's off the table
Today, I thought about killing you, premeditated murder
I think about killing myself
And I, I love myself way more than I love you
The most beautiful thoughts are always besides the darkest
(Mhm—mhm—mhm—mhm—mhm—mhm—mhm—mhm—mhmm)
I think this is the part where I'm supposed to say somethin' good to compensate it so it doesn't come off bad
But sometimes I think really bad things
Really, really, really bad things
And I love myself way more than I love you
See, if I was tryin' to relate it to more people
I'd probably say I'm struggling with loving myself
Because that seems like a common theme
But that's not the case here
I love myself way more than I love you
And I think about killing myself
So, best believe, I thought about killing you today
Premeditated murder
I called up my loved ones, I called up my cousins
I called up the Muslims, said I'm 'bout to go dumb
Get so bright, it's no sun, get so loud, I hear none
Screamed so loud, got no lungs, hurt so bad, I go numb
Time to bring in the drums, that prra-pa-pa-pum
Set the NewTone on 'em, set the nuke off on 'em
I need Coke with no rum, I taste coke on her tongue
I don't joke with no one, they'll say "He died so young"
I done had a bad case of too many bad days
Got too many bad traits, used the floor for ashtrays
I don't do shit halfway, I'ma clear the cache
I'ma make my name last, put that on my last name
It's a different type of rules that we obey
Ye, Ye, Ye season, nigga, we Old Bay
We was all born to die, nigga, DOA
Niggas say they hero, mm, I don't see no cape
Mm, I don't see no, mm, yeah, I don't see no, mm, mm
If I wasn't shinin' so hard, wouldn't be no shade
Buckwheat-ass nigga, it's gon' be o-tay
Sorry, but I chose not to be no slave
Young nigga shit, nigga, we don't age
I thought I was past my Deebo ways
Even when I went broke, I ain't break
How you gon' hate? Nigga, we go way back
To when I had the braids and you had the wave cap
Drop a pin for the fade and I'm on my way ASAP
Don't get socked in the mouth, you know homie don't play that
Pay the fire marshal bill 'cause this shit done got way packed
They wanna see me go ape (Ape, ape)
All you gotta do is speak on Ye
All you gotta do is speak on Ye
Don't get your tooth chipped like Frito-Lay
Niggas is savage, niggas is monsters
Niggas is pimps, niggas is players
'Til niggas have daughters, now they precautious
Father, forgive me, I'm scared of the karma
'Cause now I see women as somethin' to nurture
Not somethin' to conquer
I hope she like Nicki, I make her a monster
Not havin' ménages, I'm just bein' silly
I answered the door like Will Smith and Martin
Nigga, do we have a problem?
Matter fact, Marlon, this ain't Meet the Fockers
I'll beat his ass, pray I beat the charges
No, Daddy don't play, not when it come to they daughters
Don't do no yoga, don't do pilates
Just play piano and stick to karate
I pray your body's draped more like mine
And not like your mommy's
Just bein' salty, but niggas is nuts
And I am a nigga, I know what they want
I pray that you don't get it all at once
Curves under your dress, I know it's pervs all on the net
All in the comments, you wanna vomit
That's your baby, you love her to death
Now she cuttin' class and hangin' with friends
You break a glass and say it again
She can't comprehend the danger she in
If you whoop her ass, she move in with him
Then he whoop her ass, you go through it again
But how you the devil rebukin' the sin?
Let's pray we can put this behind us
I swear that these times is the wildest
She got the scars, they serve as reminders
Blood still on her pajamas
But yesterday is dead, yeah, moment of silence
Next, she'll be off to college and then at the altar
'Cause she know that niggas is savage, niggas is monsters
Niggas is pimps, niggas is players, 'til niggas have daughters
Niggas is pimps, niggas is players, 'til niggas have daughters
High lights
Tell my baby I'm back in town
High lights
Tell everybody I'm back in town
High lights
Tell my baby I'm back in town, town
High lights
We only makin' the highlights
Tell my mama, tell my mama, that I only want my whole life to only be highlights
We only makin' the highlights
Tell my mama, tell my mama, that I only want my whole life to only be highlights
Can we play that back one time?
And after that night I'm gon' wanna play this shit back, oh no
Sometimes I'm wishin' that my dick had GoPro
So I could play that shit back in slo-mo (Slow motion)
I just shot an amateur video; I think I should go pro
We only makin' the highlights
(Slow motion, slow motion, slow motion)
We only makin' the highlights
Tell my mama, tell my mama, that I only want my whole life to only be highlights
I bet me and Ray J would be friends
If we ain't love the same bitch
Yeah, he might have hit it first
Only problem is I'm rich
Uh, 21 Grammys, superstar family
We the new Jacksons, I'm all about that action
I'm about that Farrakhan, life is a marathon
I'ma shift the paradigm, I'ma turn up every time
I'ma bust a coach's head open on some Diddy shit
If he ever talk to my son like an idiot
One time for a nigga really gettin' it
Two times cause we got the whole city lit
Advice to all my niggas: impregnate Bridget
So when she have a baby she gon' make another nigga
Got the Fruit of Islam in the trenches hah?
Even though they know Yeezus is a Christian hah?
She spent her whole check on some Christians
And that girl ain't even religious
Walkin', livin', breathin' god, you know my past well
Hard to believe in God, your nigga got killed
Blac Chyna fuckin' Rob, help him with the weight
I wish my trainer would, tell me what I overate
So when I'm on vacay, I need to kick back, heh?
What you want?
You want a boss or an R&B nigga with a six pack, heh, huh?
Uh, I need every bad bitch up in Equinox
I need to know right now if you a freak or not
I need every bad bitch up in Equinox
I need to know right now if you a freak or not
You say you never saw this comin', well, you're not alone
Million dollar renovations to a happy home
My ex says she gave me the best years of her life
I saw a recent picture of her, I guess she was right
I wake up, assessin' the damages
Checkin' MediaTakeOut
Pictures of me drunk walkin' out with a bitch
But it's blurry enough to get the fake out
I wake up, all veggies no eggs
I hit the gym, all chest no legs
Yep, then I made myself a smoothie
Yeah, then me and wifey make a movie
Chicago - St. Louis, St. Louis to Chicago
Ándale, ándale E.I, E.I, uh-oh
You had me drivin' far enough to switch the time zone
You was the best of all time at the time though
Yeah, you wasn't mine though
But I still drove 30 hours
And I, I still drove 30 hours to you, yeah
I remember rappin' for Jay and Cam
Young producer just trying to get his flows off
I remember being nervous to do Victoria's Secret
'Til I pictured everybody with they clothes off
Expedition was Eddie Bauer edition
I'm drivin' with no winter tires in December
Skrrt, skrrt, skrrt, like a private school for women
Then I get there and all the Popeye's is finished, girl
You don't love me, you just pretendin'
I need a happy beginnin', middle and endin'
Chicago, St. Louis, St. Louis to Chicago
It's gettin' hot in here, that's all that I know
Got a hotel room, three stars for you
You call down for an omelet, girl, it's 5 in the morning
You realize we at the DoubleTree, not the Aria
Only thing open is Waffle House, girl, don't start with me
I used the Western Union for you like it's no prob'
'Cause you was in college complainin' 'bout it's no jobs
But you were suckin' a nigga dick the whole time
Well, I guess a blowjob's better than no job
And I drove back 30 hours
3 Stacks, can you help me out?
30 hours
Yeah, this type of shit you just ride out to
30 hours
30 hours
I just be like, it was my idea to have an open relationship
Now a nigga mad
Now I'm 'bout to drive 90 miles like Matt Barnes to kill...
30 hours
Just to kill..
Just to...
Just to...
I'm about to drive 90
90 miles like Matt Barnes just to whoop a nigga ass
It was my idea and now a nigga (30 hours)
Now a nigga mad, now a nigga, uh
A stunna
Whoop him after school just to show I got class
Duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh
Duh-duh with you, yeah (30 hours)
You know what I'm sayin'? Drop some shit like that
Ayy, ayy whoop him after school just to
30 hours
Whoop him after school just to show I got class
Uh, 3 Stacks
30 hours
Just ride out to that
Check it out: this the bonus track, this the bonus
30 hours
My favorite albums used to have like bonus joints like this
That's why they kick it off like this
Yeah, just did that Madison Square Garden
30 hours
Had to put the flyest nigga on this shit, ayy, ayy
The pyramids shall rise
30 hours
Look at these ultralight beams flowin'
For all the moms, the dads, the kids, the families that shared this moment with us
Let's rock out for 'bout
30 hours
You know, ayy, you know
Ayy, you know, ayy, you know
30 hours
Whole design team, Yeezy team, music team
Remember when the whole block'd get shout out?
This my version of a shout-out track
30 hours
Let that mothafucka rock, let that, let that, yeah
To my brother Yasiin, holding it down in Africa
30 hours
To my family: thank you for holding me down
The media be acting like
30 hours
That's Gabe calling
Yo Gabe
I'm just doing a... I'm just doing an adlib track right now
What's up?
30 hours
30 hours
Roll up, roll up; hold up, hold up; po' up, po' up
I feel it
I love to... I wanna... I'm tryna...
I feel it
I'ma rock the boat, work the middle 'til it hurt a little
I feel it
Your love is fadin'
I feel it
Fuckin' with a real ass nigga
I feel it
Fuck how you feel ass nigga
I feel it
Bitch better act like you know better
I feel it
Woah
You the number one trophy wife
So it's only right to live the trophy life
You grew up on J. Lo, Timberlands by Manolo now
'Til one day I put an angel in your ultrasound
I wanna dip that ass in gold, I wanna dip that ass in gold
I made it over NBA, NFL players
So every time I score it's like the Super Bowl
Baby, we should hit the south of France
So you could run around without them pants
I put that glacier on your little hand
Now that's the only thing without a tan
My trophy on that Bound bike, I gave you only pipe
If people don't hate then it won't be right
You could look at Kylie, Kendall, Kourtney and Khloe
All your Mama ever made was trophies, right?
Yeah, more, yeah
More time with family and friends, more life
More time to get it right
It's only me, but I'm seeing four shadows in the light
My demons visit me every night
To the most high, I'm forever indebted
I know I gotta pay somethin', I know that day's comin'
I put it all in the music
Because if I don't say it here, then I won't say nothin'
Could feel my hand getting tired from holding the grudges
Two birds, one stone, my aim is amazin'
I need to start losing my shit on you niggas that's hatin'
Too reserved, like I called ahead for me and my lady
Free C5, how the fuck we got the boss waiting?
Ever since the blue basement, I found God and I lost patience
Between rocks and hard places of all places
Spotted everywhere, like Dalmatian
Cops snoop around now, 'cause all of my dogs famous
Please welcome the October fall baby
Vaughan Road Academy, star player—my mind's not all there
Used to carry a lot of dead weight like a pallbearer
People too scared to tell the truth, so it's all dares
Count it, it's all there, and we all square
Quick money, I'm in and out
My dad used to use a soap bar 'til it's thinnin' out
But, shit, look at Dennis now, all Stacy Adams and linen'd out
More blessings for Sandi and him, more life
My parents never got it right
But God bless 'em both, I think we all alike
We all wide awake late at night, thinking on what to change
If we do get to do it twice in another life
Scared to go to sleep now
'Cause being awake is what all my dreams were like
Back when the bar that I had set for myself was out of sight
Tell me how I went and did chin-ups on this shit when I can't see it
Pin-ups of Meagan Good and Pam Grier
Soul sisters inspired my old scriptures
Now that feeling's gone like them old pictures
Mixin' liquor got us both twisted, words get so vicious
You just stare at me while you roll Swishers
Girl, I love you, but I don't miss ya
And no matter what year it is, I'm a 06er
Go figure, cold nigga, stay in school, man
Fuck the rap game, it's all lies and it's all filthy
Two percent of us rich and the rest of these niggas all milk it
Got two of my niggas off with a "not guilty"
Gave back to the city and never said it if I didn't live it
But still, they try and tell you I'm not the realest
Like I'm some privileged kid that never sat through a prison visit
Or like it was just handed to me tied with a ribbon
I never worked to get it
But really it's you with all the drug dealer stories
That's gotta stop, though
You made a couple chops and now you think you Chapo
If you ask me though, you ain't lining the trunk with kilos
You bagging weed watching Pacino with all your niggas
Like, "This what we need to be on," but you never went live
You middle-man in this shit, boy, you was never them guys
I can tell, 'cause I look most of you dead in your eyes
And you'll be tryna sell that story for the rest of your lives
Can't show us where the cash is, me, I don't judge
I'm just going off what the math is, numbers inflated
They all look at me, like, "What have you done for me lately?"
"I like your older shit but wasn't in love with the latest."
Aw, baby, stop debatin', I'm just a creative
My numbers out of this world
No wonder they got me feeling so alienated
You were the man on the moon
Now you just go through your phases
Life of the angry and famous
Rap like I know I'm the greatest then give you tropical flavors
Still never been on hiatus
You stay xann'd and perk'd up
So when reality set in, you don't gotta face it
I'm down 200 in Vegas but winning life on a daily basis
It seems like nobody wants to stay in my good graces
I'm like a real estate agent, putting you all in your places
Look what happens soon as you talk to me crazy
Is you crazy?
Yayo, yayo
Mula-la
Yayo
Bitch better have my money
Y'all should know me well enough
Bitch better have my money
Please don't call me on my bluff
Pay me what you owe me
Ballin' bigger than LeBron
Bitch, give me your money
Who y'all think y'all frontin' on?
Like bra, bra, bra
Louis XIII, and it's all on me, nigga, you just bought a shot
Kamikaze, if you think that you gon' knock me off the top
Shit, your wife in the backseat of my brand new foreign car
Don't act like you forgot
I call the shots, shots, shots
Like bra, bra, bra
Pay me what you owe, don't act like you forgot
Bitch better have my money
Bitch better have my money
Pay me what you owe me
Bitch better have my (bitch better have my)
Bitch better have my (bitch better have my)
Bitch better have my money
Turn up to Rihanna while the whole club fuckin' wasted
Every time I drop, I am the only thing y'all playin'
In a drop top, doin' hundred, y'all in my rearview mirror racin'
Where y'all at? Where y'all at? Where y'all at?
Like bra, bra, bra
Louis XIII, and it's all on me, nigga, you just bought a shot
Kamikaze, if you think that you gon' knock me off the top
Shit, your wife in the backseat of my brand new foreign car
Don't act like you forgot
I call the shots, shots, shots
Like bra, bra, bra
Pay me what you owe me, don't act like you forgot
Bitch better have my money
Bitch better have my money
Pay me what you owe me
Bitch better have my (bitch better have my)
Bitch better have my (bitch better have my)
Bitch better have my money
Bitch better have my money
Bitch better have my money
Pay me what you owe me
Bitch better have my (bitch better have my)
Bitch better have my (bitch better have my)
Bitch better have my money
Bitch better have my money
Bitch better have my money
Bitch, bitch, bitch better have my money
Yo, that bitch better have my money
Hold up
My money
Yo, my money
That bitch better have my money
Bitch better have my money
Right now, woah
Right now, woah
Right now, woah
Right now, woah
Right now, woah
Right now, woah, woah
Four, three, two, one
This to all my enemies that see me gettin' guap right now
See me gettin' guap right now, hell yeah, won't stop right now
Four, three, two, one
See me gettin' guap right now, hell nah, won't stop right now
Hell nah, won't stop right now, see me gettin' guap right now
Four, three, two, one
Yeah
And you say Chi city!
Chi city! Chi city!
I met this girl when I was three years old
And what I loved most, she had so much soul
She said, "Excuse me, little homie, I know you don't know me
But my name is Windy and I like to blow trees."
And from that point, I never blow her off
Niggas come from out of town, I like to show her off
They like to act tough, she like to toe 'em off
And make 'em straighten up their hat 'cause she know they soft
And when I grew up, she showed me how to go downtown
In the nighttime, her face lit up, so astoundin'
I told her in my heart is where she'll always be
She never messed with entertainers 'cause they always leave
She said, "It felt like they walked and drove on me."
Knew I was gang affiliated, got on TV and told on me
I guess that's why last winter she got so cold on me
She said, "'Ye, keep makin' that, keep makin' that platinum and gold for me!"
But if you really cared for her
Then you wouldn't've never hit the airport to follow your dreams
Sometimes I still talk to her
But when I talk to her, it always seems like she talkin' 'bout me
She said, "You left your kids, and they just like you
They wanna rap and make soul beats just like you
But they just not you," and I just got through
Talkin' 'bout what niggas tryin' to do: just not new
Now everybody got the game figured out all wrong
I guess you never know what you got 'til it's gone
I guess that's why I'm here and I can't come back home
And guess when I heard that? When I was back home
Every interview, I'm representin' you, makin' you proud
Reach for the stars, so if you fall, you land on a cloud
Jump in the crowd, spark your lighters, wave 'em around
If you don't know by now, I'm talkin' 'bout Chi-Town
Dropped outta school now we dumb rich (Dumb rich)
This sound like some forty-three-oh-one shit (One shit)
All my niggas wanna do is pop style (Pop style)
Turn my birthday into a lifestyle (Lifestyle)
Tell my mom I love her if I do not make it (Do not make it)
Got so many chains they call me Chaining Tatum (They do, they do)
And I like to finish what you think you started
Man you boys just got to Hollywood, you boys just started
You don't know what you just started
All I do is hang with the young and heartless
All this for my family, man, I try my hardest
It's all I ever did and look where it got him
Yeah, you've been on my mind lately
You've still got my number, girl you need to call me
I feel like they wanna see me learn the hard way
But you know I always handle that one my way
Girl, let me rock, rock, rock, rock, rock your body
Justin Timberlake and then I hit the highway
I can't trust no fuckin' body
They still out to get me cause they never got me
They still out to get me, I don't get it
I can not be got, and that's a given
Give a real nigga the number one
Even though I got like twenty-one
Cannot be me I'm a one-of-one
Schooling your ass like 101
They been out here tryna slide on me
They been out here telling lies on me
Everybody looking out for themself
But they still got they eyes on me
See me putting in the hard work now, ayy
Momma doesn't have to call work now, ayy
I decide when I start work now, ayy
Problems hit the gym, they all work out
MVP, MVP, oh-nine all the way to sixteen
Even next season looking like a breeze
Lot of y'all ain't built for the league, yeah
Trade you off the team while you in your sleep, yeah
Y'all showed me that nothing's guaranteed
And you don't know what you started
My friend's chain so big that he look like the artist
I can't trust no fuckin' body
They still out to get me cause they never got me
Dropped outta school now we dumb rich (Dumb rich)
This sound like some forty-three-oh-one shit (One shit)
All my niggas wanna do is pop style (Pop style)
Turn my birthday into a lifestyle (Lifestyle)
Last October Grammy nominated producer KANYE WEST was in a nearly fatal car accident. His jaw was fractured in nearly three places. Two weeks later he recorded this song with his mouth still wired shut... so the world could feel his pain!
Yo, Gee, they can't stop me from rappin', can they?
Can they, Hop?
I spit it through the wire, man
There's too much stuff on my heart right now, man
I'd gladly risk it all right now
It's a life-or-death situation, man
Y'all, y'all don't really understand how I feel right now, man
It's your boy, Kanye to the…
Chi-Town, what's goin' on?
I drink a Boost for breakfast, an Ensure for dessert
Somebody ordered pancakes, I just sip the sizzurp
That right there could drive a sane man berserk
Not to worry, Mr. H-to-the-Izzo's back to wizzerk
How do you console my mom or give her light support
Tellin' her her son's on life support?
And just imagine how my girl feel
On the plane scared as hell that her guy look like Emmett Till
She was with me before the deal, she'd been tryna be mine
She a Delta, so she'd been throwin' that Dynasty sign
No use in me tryna be lyin', I been tryna be signed
Tryin' to be a millionaire, how I used two lifelines
In the same hospital where Biggie Smalls died
The doctor said I had blood clots, but I ain't Jamaican, man
Story on MTV and I ain't tryna make a band
I swear, this right here, history in the makin', man
I really apologize for everything right now
If it's unclear at all, man
They got my mouth wired shut
For like… I dunno, the doctor said like six weeks
Y'know, he had, I had reconstructive surgery on my jaw
I looked in the mirror
And half my jaw was in the back of my mouth, man
I couldn't believe it
But I'm still here for y'all right now, man
This what I got to say right here, dawg
Yeah, turn me up, yeah, uh
What if somebody from the Chi' that was ill got a deal
On the hottest rap label around?
But he wasn't talkin' 'bout coke and birds
It was more like spoken word, 'cept he's really puttin' it down?
And he explained the story 'bout how Blacks came from glory
And what we need to do in the game
Good dude, bad night, right place, wrong time
In the blink of a eye, his whole life changed
If you could feel how my face felt
You would know how Mase felt (Mason Betha!)
Thank God I ain't too cool for the safe belt
I swear to God, driver two wanna sue
I got a lawyer for the case, to keep what's in my safe safe
My dawgs couldn't tell if I…
I looked like Tom Cruise in Vanilla Sky, it was televised
There's been an accident like GEICO
They thought I was burnt up like Pepsi did Michael
I must got a angel, ‘cause look how death missed his ass
Unbreakable, what, you thought they'd call me Mr. Glass?
Look back on my life like the Ghost of Christmas Past
Toys "R" Us where I used to spend that Christmas cash
And I still won't grow up, I'm a grown-ass kid
Swear I should be locked up for stupid shit that I did
But I'm a champion, so I turned tragedy to triumph
Make music that's fire, spit my soul through the wire
Y'know what I'm sayin'?
When the doctor told me I had, um
That I was gonna have to have a plate in my chin
I said, "Dawg, don't you realize I'll never make it on a plane now?"
"It's bad enough I got all this jewelry on!"
You can't be serious, man
They say, "Build your own"—I said, "How, Sway?"
I said, "Slavery a choice"—they said, "How, Ye?"
Just imagine if they caught me on a wild day
Now I'm on fifty blogs gettin' fifty calls
My wife callin', screamin', say we 'bout to lose it all
Had to calm her down 'cause she couldn't breathe
Told her she could leave me now, but she wouldn't leave
And I know you wouldn't leave
And I know you wouldn't...
Oh, don't bring that up, that's gon' get me sentimental
You know I'm sensitive, I got a gentle mental
Every time somethin' happen they want me sent to mental
We had an incident, but I cover incidentals
You want me workin' on my messagin'
When I'm thinkin' like George Jetson
But soundin' like George Jefferson
Then they questionin' my methods then
If you tweakin' out on my texts again
Then I don't get reception here
I got the mind state to take us past the stratosphere
I use the same attitude that done got us here
I live for now, I don't know what happen after here
I live for now, I don't know what happen after here
Plus, what was meant to be was meant to be
Even if, publicly, I lack the empathy
I ain't finna talk about it, 'nother four centuries
One and one is two, but me and you, that's infinity
And I know you wouldn't...
For any guy that ever fucked up (Love me or hate me)
Ever embarrassed they girl (Love me or hate me)
Ever embarrassed they wife (Gone when you miss me)
She told you not to do that shit (Ohh)
She told you you's gon' fuck the money up
But you ain't wanna listen, did you?
Keep that same energy
Keep that same energy
Keep that same energy
Now you testin' her loyalty
This what they mean when they say
"For better or for worse", huh?
For every down female that stuck with they dude
Through the best times, through the worst times
This for you
And I know you wouldn't leave
They like, "Pablo—"
"Why are all the windows tinted on your Tahoe?"
"Why do you know every single bitch that I know?"
"Why can't you just shut your mouth and take the high road?"
Fuck if I know, that's that Chicago
South, south side, that's the motto
Cop a crib and spend ten million on remodel
Take the devils out my life and preach the gospel, 'cause I know
We went way, way past the line of scrimmage, ayy
Throne is back up in it, ayy
In the field like Emmitt, ayy, y'all get so offended, ayy
I be blacking out, I ain't backing out
Jay about his business, and I'ma let you finish, but I
I just, I just, I just, I just wanna rock your body
Take you to the garage and do some karate
Chop it, chop it, chop it, chop it sipping sake
Throw a thick bitch on a Kawasaki (Perfect)
In the night, I hear 'em talk
The coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul to a woman so heartless
How could you be so heartless?
Oh, how could you be so heartless?
How could you be so
Cold as the winter wind when it breeze, yo?
Just remember that you talkin' to me though
You need to watch the way you talkin' to me, yo
I mean, after all the things that we been through
I mean, after all the things we got into
Ayo, I know of some things that you ain't told me
Ayo, I did some things but that's the old me
And now you wanna get me back and you gon' show me
So you walk around like you don't know me
You got a new friend, well, I got homies
But in the end, it's still so lonely
In the night, I hear 'em talk
The coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul to a woman so heartless
How could you be so heartless?
Oh, how could you be so heartless?
How could you be so Dr. Evil?
You're bringin' out a side of me that I don't know
I decided we wasn't gon' speak so
Why we up 3 AM on the phone?
Why do she be so mad at me fo'?
Homie, I don't know, she's hot and cold
I won't stop, won't mess my groove up
‘Cause I already know how this thing go
You run and tell your friends that you're leavin' me
They say that they don't see what you see in me
You wait a couple of months, then you gon' see
You'll never find nobody better than me
In the night, I hear 'em talk (Me)
The coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul to a woman so heartless
How could you be so heartless?
Oh, how could you be so heartless?
Talk and talk and talk and talk
Baby, let's just knock it off
They don't know what we been through
They don't know 'bout me and you
So I got somethin' new to see
And you just gon' keep hatin' me
And we just gon' be enemies
I know you can't believe
I could just leave it wrong
And you can't make it right
I'm gon' take off tonight into the night
In the night, I hear 'em talk
The coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul to a woman so heartless
How could you be so heartless? (How, how?)
Oh, how could you be so heartless?
On and on and on and on
And on and, and on and on and on
Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay! (That part)
Beggars can't be choosers, bitch this ain't Chipotle
Nigga with an attitude, I feel like O'Shea
Walkin', livin' legend, man I feel like Kobe (Kobe)
I just left the strip club, got some glitter on me
Wifey gonna kill me, she the female OJ
Y'all don't feel me, man, this ain't okay
Four Seasons, take a shower, new clothes, I'm reloaded
Rich nigga, still eatin' catfish
That bitch ain't really bad, that's a catfish
If I walk up out of Saks Fifth
Have the paparazzi doin' backflips, yeah
If I lay you down on the mattress
Blow the back out 'til you backless
Thick, we already established
She just got 'em done, bra-strapless
Yeah! Okay, okay, okay, okay! (That part)
Beggars can't be choosers, bitch, this ain't Chipotle (That part)
Nigga with an attitude, I feel like O'Shea (That part)
Walkin', livin' legend, man, I feel like Kobe (That part)
Walkin' livin' legend, man, I feel like Kobe (That part)
I just dropped 60, man, I feel like Kobe
Lamar was with me, man, I feel like Kobe
Pippen at my weddin', man, I feel like Jordan
Trippin' at my weddin', I be raaa-uh-ayy
Ain't say shit, nigga
You was listenin' close though
You was listenin' to hoes though
You wouldn't listen to the flow though
Listen to the GOAT
Lunch line, young nigga from the 'Go though
I'ma freestyle this mothafucka, who knew?
When I'm with my niggas, nigga, ScHoolboy Q
And uh, Top Dawg, call Top Dawg
Get that nigga on the phone
Top Dawg on the phone!
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy! Hah!
Flashing lights (lights, lights)
Flashing lights (lights, lights)
Flashing lights (lights, lights)
Flashing lights (lights, lights)
She don't believe in shootin' stars
But she believe in shoes and cars
Wood floors in the new apartment
Couture from the store's departments
You more like "love to start shit"
I'm more of the trips to Florida
Ordered the hors d'oeuvres, views of the water
Straight from a page of your favorite author
And the weather so breezy
Man, why can't life always be this easy?
She in the mirror dancin' so sleazy
I get a call like, "Where are you, Yeezy?"
And try to hit you with the ol-wu-wopte
'Til I got flashed by the paparazzi
Damn, these niggas got me
I hate these niggas more than the Nazis
I know it's been a while, sweetheart
We hardly talk, I was doin' my thang
I know it was foul, baby
Aye, babe, lately, you've been all on my brain
And if somebody woulda told me a month ago
Frontin', though, yo, I wouldn't wanna know
If somebody woulda told me a year ago
It'll go get this difficult
Feelin' like Katrina with no FEMA
Like Martin with no Gina
Like a flight with no Visa
First class with the seat back, I still see ya
In my past, you on the other side of the glass
Of my memory's museum
I'm just sayin', hey, Mona Lisa
Come home, you know you can't roam without Caesar
R.O.C., we runnin' this rap shit
Memphis Bleek, we runnin' this rap shit
B. Mac, we runnin' this rap shit
Freeway, we run this rap shit
O & Sparks, we runnin' this rap shit
Chris & Neef, we runnin' this rap shit
The takeover, the break's over, nigga
God MC—me—Jay-Hova
Hey lil soldier, you ain't ready for war
R.O.C. too strong for y'all
It's like bringing a knife to a gunfight, pen to a test
Your chest in the line of fire with your thin-ass vest
You bringing them boys to men, how them boys gonna win?
This is grown man B.I., get you rolled into triage, bi-atch
Your reach ain't long enough, dunny
Your peeps ain't strong enough, fucker
Roc-A-Fella is the army, better yet the navy
Niggas'll kidnap your babies, spit at your lady
We bring knife to fistfight, kill your drama
We kill you motherfucking ants with a sledgehammer
Don't let me do it to you dunny ‘cause I overdo it
So you won't confuse it with just rap music
R.O.C., we runnin' this rap shit
M Easy, we runnin' this rap shit
The Broad Street Bully, we runnin' this rap shit
Get zipped up in plastic; when it happens, that's it
Freeway, we runnin' this rap shit
O & Sparks, we runnin' this rap shit
Chris & Neef, we runnin' this rap shit
("Watch out! We run New York")
I don't care if you Mobb Deep, I hold triggers to crews
You little fuck, I got money stacks bigger than you
When I was pushing weight back in '88
You was a ballerina, I got the pictures, I seen ya
Then you dropped "Shook Ones," switched your demeanor
Well, we don't believe you, you need more people
Roc-A-Fella students of the game, we passed the class
‘Cause nobody can read you dudes like we do
Don't let 'em gas you like, "Jigga is ass and won't clap you"
Trust me on this one, I'll detach you
Mind from spirit, body from soul
They'll have to hold a mass, put your body in a hole
No, you're not on my level, get your brakes tweaked
I sold what your whole album sold in my first week
You guys don't want it with Hov
Ask Nas, he don't want it with Hov, no!
R.O.C., we runnin' this rap shit
B. Sigel, we running this rap shit
M Easy, we runnin' this rap shit
Get zipped up in plastic; when it happens, that's it
O & Sparks, we runnin' this rap shit
Freeway, we runnin' this rap shit
Chris & Neef, we runnin' this rap shit
("Watch out! We run New York")
I know you miss it, Nas, the (Fame)
But along with celebrity comes 'bout 70 shots to your frame
Nigga, you a (Lame!)
You's the fag model for Karl Kani, Esco ads
Went from Nasty Nas to Esco's trash
Had a spark when you started, but now, you're just garbage (Bitch!)
Fell from top 10 to not mentioned at all
To your bodyguard's "Oochie Wally" verse better than yours
(Oochie wally wally, oochie wally wally)
Matter of fact, you had the worst flow on the whole fucking song
But I know: the sun don't shine, then son don't shine
That's why your (Lame!) career's come to an end
It's only so long fake thugs can pretend
Nigga, you ain't live it, you witnessed it from your folks' pad (Yup)
You scribbled it in your notepad and created your life
I showed you your first TEC on tour with Large Professor (Me! That's who!)
Then I heard your album about your TEC on the dresser
So yeah, I sampled your voice, you was using it wrong
(I'm out for dead fucking presidents to represent me)
You made it a hot line, I made it a hot song (Woo!)
And you ain't get a coin, nigga, you was getting fucked then
I know who I paid, God–Serchlite Publishing
Use your (Brain!)
You've been in this 10, I've been in it five; smarten up, Nas!
Four albums in 10 years, nigga? I could divide
That's one every… let's say two, two of them shits was due
One was "nah...," the other was Illmatic
That's a one-hot-album-every-10-year average
And that's so (Lame)
Nigga, switch up your flow, your shit is garbage
What, you trying to kick knowledge? (Fuck outta here)
You niggas gonna learn to respect the king
Don't be the next contestant on that Summer Jam screen
Because you-know-who (Who) did you-know-what (What?)
With you-know-who (Yeah)
But let's keep that between me and you
R.O.C., we runnin' this rap shit
M Easy, we runnin' this rap shit
The Broad Street Bully, we runnin' this rap shit
Get zipped up in plastic; when it happens, that's it
Freeway, we runnin' this rap shit
O & Sparks, we runnin' this rap shit
Chris & Neef, we runnin' this rap shit
("Watch out! We run New York")
A wise man told me, "Don't argue with fools"
‘Cause people from a distance can't tell who is who
So stop with that childish shit, nigga, I'm grown
Please leave it alone, don't throw rocks at the throne
Do not bark up that tree, that tree will fall on you
I don't know why your advisers ain't forewarn you
"Please, not Jay, he's not for play"
I don't slack a minute, all that thug rappin' and gimmicks
I will end it, all that yappin' be finished
You are not deep, you made your bed, now sleep
Don't make me expose you to them folks that don't know you
Nigga, I know you well, all the stolen jew-els
Twinkletoes, you're breakin' my heart
You can't fuck with me; go play somewhere, I'm busy
And all you other cats throwin' shots at Jigga
You only get half a bar–fuck y'all niggas!
We at war
We at war with terrorism, racism
But most of all we at war with ourselves
(Jesus walk)
God show me the way because the Devil's tryna break me down
(Jesus walk with me)
You know what the Midwest is? Young and restless
Where restless (Niggas) might snatch your necklace
And next these (Niggas) might jack your Lexus
Somebody tell these (Niggas) who Kanye West is
I walk through the valley of the Chi where death is
Top floor the view alone will leave you breathless *gasps*
Try to catch it *gasps* it's kinda hard
Getting choked by detectives, yeah, yeah, now check the method
They be askin' us questions, harass and arrest us
Sayin' "We eat pieces of shit like you for breakfast"
Huh? Y'all eat pieces of shit? What's the basis?
We ain't going nowhere but got suits and cases
A trunk full of coke, rental car from Avis
My mama used to say only Jesus can save us
Well mama I know I act a fool
But I'll be gone 'til November, I got packs to move
I hope
(Jesus walk)
God show me the way because the Devil's tryna break me down
(Jesus walk with me)
The only thing that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now
(Jesus walk)
And I don't think there's nothin' I can do now to right my wrongs
(Jesus walk with me)
I wanna talk to God but I'm afraid 'cause we ain't spoke in so long
(Jesus walk)
God show me the way because the Devil's tryna break me down
(Jesus walk with me)
The only thing that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now
(Jesus walk)
And I don't think there's nothin' I can do now to right my wrongs
(Jesus walk with me)
I wanna talk to God but I'm afraid 'cause we ain't spoke in so long
So long, so long
(Jesus walk with me)
To the hustlers, killers, murderers, drug dealers, even the scrippers
(Jesus walks for them)
To the victims of welfare feel we livin' in Hell here, hell yeah
(Jesus walks for them)
Now, hear ye, hear ye, want to see Thee more clearly
I know He hear me when my feet get weary
'Cause we're the almost nearly extinct
We rappers is role models: we rap, we don't think
I ain't here to argue about His facial features
Or here to convert atheists into believers
I'm just tryna say the way school need teachers
The way Kathie Lee needed Regis, that's the way I need Jesus
So here go my single, dawg, radio needs this
They say you can rap about anything except for Jesus
That means guns, sex, lies, videotape
But if I talk about God my record won't get played, huh?
Well if this take away from my spins
Which'll probably take away from my ends
Then I hope this take away from my sins
And bring the day that I'm dreamin' about
Next time I'm in the club, everybody screamin' out
(Jesus walk)
God show me the way because the Devil's tryna break me down
(Jesus walk with me)
The only thing that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now
Closed on Sunday, you're my Chick-fil-A
Closed on Sunday, you my Chick-fil-A
Hold the selfies, put the 'Gram away
Get your family, y'all hold hands and pray
When you got daughters, always keep 'em safe
Watch out for vipers, don't let them indoctrinate
Closed on Sunday, you my Chick-fil-A
You're my number one, with the lemonade
Raise our sons, train them in the faith
Through temptations, make sure they're wide awake
Follow Jesus, listen and obey
No more livin' for the culture, we nobody's slave
Stand up for my home
Even if I take this walk alone
I bow down to the King upon the throne
My life is His, I'm no longer my own
I pray to God that He'll strengthen my hand
They will think twice steppin' onto my land
I draw the line, it's written in the sand
Try me and you will see that I ain't playin'
Now, back up off my family, move your hands
I got my weapons in the spirit's land
I, Jezebel don't even stand a chance
Jezebel don't even stand a chance
Yeezy season approachin'
Fuck whatever y'all been hearin'
Fuck what, fuck whatever y'all been wearin'
A monster about to come alive again
Soon as I pull up and park the Benz
We get this bitch shaking like Parkinsons
Take my number and lock it in
Indian hair, no moccasins
It's too many hoes in this house of sin
Real nigga back in the house again
Black Timbs all on your couch again
Black dick all in your spouse again
And I know she like chocolate men
She got more niggas off than Cochran, hah!
On sight, on sight
How much do I not give a fuck?
Let me show you right now 'fore you give it up
How much do I not give a fuck?
Let me show you right now 'fore you give it up
Baby girl tryna get a nut
And her girl tryna give it up
Chopped 'em both down
Don't judge 'em, Joe Brown
One last announcement
No sports bra, let's keep it bouncin'
Everybody wanna live at the top of the mountain
Took her to the 'Bleau, she tried to sip the fountain
That when David Grutman kicked her out
But I got her back in and put my dick in her mouth
On sight, on sight
Uh-huh
Uh-huh
Uh-huh
Uh-huh
Right now
I need right now
Right now
I need, I need right now
Right now
I need, I need right now
Father, I stretch
Stretch my hands to You
Lifelike, this is what your life like, try to live your life right
People really know you, push your buttons like typewrite
This is like a movie, but it's really very lifelike
Every single night, right, every single fight, right?
I was looking at the 'Gram and I don't even like likes
I was screamin' at my dad, he told me, "It ain't Christ-like"
I was screamin' at the referee just like Mike
Lookin' for a bright light, Sigel, what your life like
Riding on a white bike, feeling like Excitebike (Stretch my hands to You)
Pressin' on the gas, supernova for a night light
Screamin' at my dad and he told me, "It ain't Christ-like"
But nobody never tell you when you're being like Christ
Only ever seein' me only when they needin' me
Like if Tyler Perry made a movie for BET
Searchin' for a deity, now you wanna see it free
Now you wanna see if we, let's just see if three apiece
Tell me what your life like, turn it down, a bright light
Drivin' with my dad, and he told me, "It ain't Christ-like" (Stretch my hands to You)
I'm just tryna find, l've been lookin' for a new way
I'm just really tryin' not to really do the fool way
I don't have a cool way, bein' on my best, though
Block 'em on the text though, nothin' else next though
Not another word, letter, picture, or a decimal (Father, I stretch)
Wrestlin' with God, I don't really want to wrestle
Man, it's really lifelike, everything in my life (Stretch my hands to You)
Arguing with my dad, and he said, "It ain't Christ-like"
Man
You know, it's like
Somebody only close who can get you, like, off your
I be on my
I woke up this morning, I said my prayers
I'm all doing good, I tried to talk to my dad (Stretch my hands to You)
Give him some advice, he starts spazzin' on me
I start spazzin' back, He said "That ain't Christ-like"
I said, "Ahhh"
I'd like to propose a toast
I said toast motherfucker!
And I am
(Here's to the Roc)
And they ask me, they ask me, they ask me, I tell them
(Here's to Roc-A-Fella)
Raise your glasses, your glasses, your glasses to the sky and
(Here's to the Roc)
This is the last call for alcohol, for the
(Mr. Rockefeller)
So get your ass up off the wall
The all around the world Digital Underground Pac
The Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer of the Roc
I take my chain, my 15 seconds of fame
And come back next year with the whole fucking game
Ain't nobody expect Kanye to end up on top
They expected that College Dropout to drop and then flop
Then maybe he stop savin' all the good beats for himself
Roc-A-Fella's only niggas that helped
My money was thinner than Sean Paul's goatee hair
Now Jean Paul Gaultier cologne fill the air, here
They say he bougie, he big-headed
Would you please stop talking about how my dick head is
Flow infectious, give me 10 seconds
I'll have a buzz bigger than insects in Texas
It's funny how wasn't nobody interested
'Til the night I almost killed myself in Lexus
Now I am
(Here's to the Roc)
And they ask me, they ask me, they ask me, I tell them
(Here's to Roc-A-Fella)
Raise your glasses, your glasses, your glasses to the sky and
(Here's to the Roc)
This is the last call for alcohol, for the
(Mr. Rockefeller)
So get your ass up off the wall
Now was Kanye the most overlooked? Yes sir
Now is Kanye the most overbooked? Yes sir
Though the fans want the feeling of A Tribe Called Quest
But all they got left is this guy called West
That'll take Freeway, throw him on tracks with Mos Def
Call him Kwa-li or Kwe-li, I put him on songs with JAY-Z
I'm the Gap like Banana Republic and Old Navy, and oooh
It come out sweeter than old Sadie
Nice as Bun-B when I met him at the Source awards
Girl he had with him - ass coulda won the horse awards
And I was almost famous, now everybody love Kanye
I'm almost Raymond
Some say he arrogant, can y'all blame him?
It was straight embarrassing how y'all played him
Last year shoppin' my demo, I was tryin' to shine
Every motherfucker told me that I couldn't rhyme
Now I could let these dream killers kill my self-esteem
Or use my arrogance as the steam to power my dreams
I use it as my gas, so they say that I'm gassed
But without it I'd be last, so I ought to laugh
So I don't listen to the suits behind the desk no more
You niggas wear suits cause you can't dress no more
You can't say shit to Kanye West no more
I rocked 20,000 people, I was just on tour, nigga
I'm Kon, the Louis Vuitton Don
Bought my mom a purse, now she Louis Vuitton Mom
I ain't play the hand I was dealt, I changed my cards
I prayed to the skies and I changed my stars
I went to the malls and I balled too hard
"Oh my god, is that a black card?"
I turned around and replied, "Why yes
But I prefer the term African American Express"
Brains, power, and muscle, like Dame, Puffy, and Russell
Your boy back on his hustle, you know what I've been up to
Killin y'all niggas on that lyrical shit
Mayonnaise-colored Benz, I push Miracle Whips
And I am
(Here's to the Roc)
And they ask me, they ask me, they ask me, I tell them
(Here's to Roc-A-Fella)
Raise your glasses, your glasses, your glasses to the sky and
(Here's to the Roc)
This is the last call for alcohol, for my niggas
(Mr. Rockefeller)
So get your ass up off the wall
So this A&R over at Roc-A-Fella, named Hip Hop Picked the "Truth" beat for Beanie. And I was in the session with him. I had my demo with me. You know, like I always do. I play the songs, he's like "Who that spittin'?" I'm like "It's me." He's like "Oh, well okay."
Uhh, he started talkin' to me on the phone, going back and forth
Just askin' me to send him beats, and I'm thinking he's trying to get into managing producers, cause he had this other kid named Just Blaze he was messin' with
So won't you raise your glass won't you
So won't you raise your glass won't you
So won't you raise your glass won't you
So won't you raise your glass won't you
And um, he was friends with my mentor, No ID. And No ID told him, "Look, man, you wanna mess with Kanye you need to tell him that you like the way he rap"
No ID: "Yo, you wanna sign him, tell him you like how he rap"
I was all, I dunno if he was gassin' me or not but he's like he wanna manage me as a rapper AND a producer
...I unpacked all my shit. You know, we went to Ikea, I bought a bed, I put the bed together myself. I loaded up all my equipment, and the first beat I made was, uh, "Heart of the City." And Beans was still working on his album at that time, so I came up there to Baseline, it was Beans' birthday, matter of fact, and I played like seven beats. And, you know I guess he was in the zone, he already had the beats that he wanted, I had did "Nothing Like It" already at that time but then Jay walked in. I remember he had a Gucci bucket hat on. I remember it like, like it was yesterday. And Hip-hop said, "Yo play that one beat for him." And I played "Heart of the City." And really I made "Heart of the City," I really wanted to give that beat to DMX
Let's just say I didn't get my deal. The nigga that was behind me, I mean, he wasn't even a nigga, you know? The person who actually kicked everything off was Joe 3H from Capitol Records. He wanted to sign me really bad
This is the bom-bom-bom
Bom-bom-bom
Bom-bom-bom
Music is all we got
Oh, bom-bom-bom
So we might as well give it all we got
This is the bom-bom-bom (Huh)
Bom-bom-bom
Bom-bom-bom
Music all we got, got, got
Music is all we got
Oh, bom-bom-bom
So we might as well give it all we got
Music is all we got
Music is all we got
Music is all we got
Oh, bom-bom-bom
So we might as well give it all we got
Music is all we got (Huh, huh)
Music is all we got (Huh, huh)
We know, we know we got it
We know, we know we got it
We know, we know we got it
We know, we know we got it
Music
We know, we know we got it
We know, we know we got it
We know, we know we got it
We know, we know we got it
Music
Music is all we got
Uhh.. uhh
Uhh.. uhh
Good morning!
Good morning!
Good morning!
Good morning!
Wake up Mr. West, Mr. West
Mr. Fresh, Mister, by himself he's so impressed
I mean damn, did you even see the test?
You got D's, muthafucka D's, Rosie Perez
And yer ass barely passed any and every class
Looking at every ass, cheated on every test
I guess, this is my dissertation
Homie this shit is basic, welcome to Graduation
Good morning!
Good morning!
Good morning!
Good morning!
Good morning, on this day we become legendary
Everything we dreamed of
I'm like the fly Malcolm X, buy any jeans necessary
Detroit Red cleaned up
From the streets to the league, from an eighth to a key
But you graduate when you make it up outta the streets
From the moments of pain, look how far we done came
Haters saying you changed, now you doing your thang
Good morning!
Good morning!
Good morning!
Good morning!
Good morning, look at the valedictorian
Scared of the future while I hop in the DeLorean
Scared to face the world, complacent career student
Some people graduate, but be still stupid
They tell you read this, eat this, don't look around
Just peep this, preach this, teach us, Jesus
Okay look up now, they done stole yo' streetness
After all of that you received this
Good morning!
Hustlers that's if you're still living, get on down
Every time that we hear them
Good morning!
Hustlers that's if you're still living, get on down
Every time that we hear them
Good morning!
Hustlers that's if you're still living, get on down
Every time that we hear them
Good morning!
Hustlers that's if you're still living, get on down
Very rarely do you catch me out
Y'all done "specially invited guest"'d me out
Y'all been tellin' jokes that's gon' stress me out
Soon as I walk in, I'm like, "Let's be out"
I was off the chain, I was often drained
I was off the meds, I was called insane
What a awesome thing, engulfed in shame
I want all the rain, I want all the pain
I want all the smoke, I want all the blame
Cardio audio, let me jog your brain
Caught in the Audy Home, we was all detained
All of you Mario, it's all a game
Why, oh why, why, why don't they like me? (Two, three, four)
'Cause Nike gave a lot of niggas checks
But I'm the only nigga to ever check Nike
Richer than white people with black kids
Scarier than black people with ideas (Two, three, four)
Nobody can tell me where I'm headin' (Two, three, four)
But I feel like Michael Jordan, Scottie Pippen at my weddin' (Yeah)
They say I'm crazy, but that's the best thing goin' for me
You can't lynch Marshawn if Tom Brady throwin' to me
I made a million mistakes, but I'm successful in spite of 'em
I believe you like a fat trainer taking a bite of somethin'
I wanna turn the tanks to playgrounds
I dreamt of 2Pac, he asked me "Are you still down?" Yeah, my nigga
It's on, it's on, it's on, it's on
I know they told they white daughters, "Don't bring home Jerome"
I am the free nigga archetype (Woo)
I am the light and the beacon; you can ask the deacon
It's funny, when you get extra money (Two, three, four)
Every joke you tell just be extra funny (Yeah)
I mean, you can even dress extra bummy
Cocaine, bathroom break, nose extra runny (Two, three, four)
And I gave you all I got, you still want extra from me (Woo) (Two, three, four)
Oxford want a full-blown lecture from me
And the Lexus pull up, errr, like hop, I hopped out, like wassup?
Err-err-err, step back, hold up, my nigga, you suck
Hold up (Skrrrrt)
I studied the proportions
Emotions runnin' at a Autobahn speed-level (Two, three, four)
Had a drink with fear, and I was textin' God (Two, three, four)
He said, "I gave you a big dick, so go extra hard"
I need to call it off
I need to, I need to make it known
'Nother one, something gone
Capricorn
Dancing out on the lawn
Fancy like the things she likes
She lives her life
I'm living mine
Maybe it's 'cause she into Leos and I was into trios
Plus all the trips to Rio couldn't have helped
It's gettin' cold, better bring your ski clothes
Peekin' through the keyhole, the door locked by myself
And I'm feelin' it right now
'Cause it's the time when my heart got shot down
Blocka, blocka, blocka-blocka, blocka
Pour a little champagne, cranberry vodka
Feelin' lied to like parents never said you adopted
Your feelings like Zulu, then nothing is a Shaka
I hit her with Jamaican dick, I'm the new Shabba
She lookin' for her daddy, call me Big Poppa
On to the next saga
Focus on the future and let the crew knock her
Star Wars fur, yeah, I'm rockin' Chewbacca
The one Chief Rocka, number-one Chief Rocka
Fuck what they talkin' 'bout
All a nigga hear is my chains clinkin' back and forth right now, nigga
Yeah, fuck with me
Why the fuck you so opinionated?
Sayin' how you do it but they ain't did it, baby
You need a demonstration?
This is how you get richer, baby
I'm stimulated
I'm at the bank, I'm penetratin'
I'm puttin' in, I'm penetratin'
I'm gettin' big, I'm stimulated
I touched a bitch, she disintegrated
Up in flames, I've been the flamest
I've been the hottest, you've been the lamest
I've been on the plane, you've been complainin'
Fuck the co-defendant, pistol whip the plaintiff
Hit the mall, then we skip arraignment
They say she young, I should've waited
She a big girl, dog when she stimulated
Hit Sin City and syndicate it
All the time on the strip in Vegas
I got the juice but I ain't Minute Maid it
But a nigga made it just minutes later
Shut the fuck and let me finish, baby
I'll let you finish later
Why the fuck you so opinionated?
Yeah you book smart but don't be gettin' paper, uh!
Shootin' craps at The Wynn
Gettin' back to back wins
Made 20 bands playin' features
And I don't need a feature for this
Nigga I'm T-R-A, triple double
Every time I ball, man that's triple double
Tom Ford, Balmain, that's triple stuntin'
Tryna get a nut only gets you nothin'
So I don't give a fuck who these niggas datin'
Tsunami the Rollie, my wrist is flooded
How the fuck can these niggas hate it
When these bitches love it, man this shit is funny
All I can do is laugh, all I can do is laugh
They try to count me out, all day I'm doin' math
All I can do is add, multiply, multiply
All day I'm doin' math, but we won't divide
You ain't got the flow, you ain't got the heart
You be on your mark but you're never ready
You just talkin' shit, I can smell your breath
Sayin' what you do, but can't help yourself
So why the fuck you so opinionated?
Sayin' how you do it but they ain't did it, baby
You need a demonstration?
This is how you get richer, baby
I'm stimulated
I'm at the bank, I'm penetratin'
I'm puttin' in, I'm penetratin'
I'm gettin' big, I'm stimulated
I touched the bitch, she disintegrated
Up in flames, I've been the flamest
I've been the hottest, you've been the lamest
I've been on the plane, you've been complainin'
Fuck the codefendant, pistol whip the plaintiff
Hit the mall, then we skip arraignment
They say she young, I should've waited
She a big girl, dog when she stimulated
She a big girl, dog
Fuck what they talkin' about, nigga
She a big girl, dog
I'm gonna do what the fuck I wanna do when I wanna do
She a big girl, dog
I'm puttin' in, I'm penetratin'
I'm gettin' big, I'm stimulated
Might take her home, gon' and dinner plate it
I don't heat it up, don't microwave it
She already hot, she sizzle baby
No salt and pepper, she been the flavor
I'ma stimulate her, yeah simple, baby
Fuck with me, then I fuck with you
You don't fuck with me, my nigga fuck you too
She a big girl, dog
She a big girl, dog
She a big girl, dog
I'm puttin' in, I'm penetratin'
I'm gettin' big, I'm stimulated
Pray for me
I'm about to hit the Ye button
I don't wanna say nothin' wrong
But it'd be wrong if I ain't say nothin'
Imagine if I ain't say somethin'
Wouldn't none these niggas say nothin'
I done lost and made money
Now I'm makin' somethin' they can't take from me
And I'm fresh out of debt in this muhfucka!
And they still ain't ready yet for a muhfucka!
Yeezy might have to go and put his Louis on
I'm 'bout to go Gucci in the Gucci store
Look at my Rollie, look at your Rollie
Your shit rockless, my shit hockey goalie
You should gon' hide it, man, it's too bad
Like a bald nigga still wearin' durags, ha
Israeli guards, boy, please be mindful
Don't have words with me 'cause I got a mind filled
I could tell Larry David was the mind behind Seinfeld
Wanna know how I feel? Step into my minefield
Wanna know how pain feels? I got off my main pills
Bet my wifey stay close, she know I'm on my Bezos
Opioid addiction, pharmacy's the real trap
Sometimes I feel trapped, Jordan with no Phil Jack
One year, it's Illuminati, next year, it's the Sunken Place
They don't want me to change, nah, nigga run in place
I need someone else to make this drink, because
You don't understand the juice to vodka ratio
That could satisfy a real drunk, guess what?
Never trust a bartender that don't drink, bitch
Paper read: "Murder, black-on-black murder"
Paper read: "Murder, black-on-black murder" again
And I’m from the murder capital where they murder for capital
Heard about at least three killings this afternoon
Looking at the news like, "Damn! I was just with him after school"
No shop class, but half the school got a tool
And a "I could die any day"-type attitude
Plus his little brother got shot reppin' his avenue
It’s time for us to stop and redefine black power
Forty-one souls murdered in fifty hours
The paper read: "Murder, black-on-black murder"
The paper read: "Murder, black-on-black murder" again
"Murder" again
Is it genocide?
'Cause I can still hear his mama cries
Know the family traumatized
Shots left holes in his face about piranha-sized
The old pastor closed the cold casket
And said the church ain’t got enough room for all the tombs
It’s a war going on outside we ain’t safe from
I feel the pain in my city wherever I go
314 soldiers died in Iraq, 509 died in Chicago
The paper read: "Murder, black-on-black murder"
The paper read: "Murder, black-on-black murder" again
"Black-on-black murder" again
"Black-on-black murder" again
Yeah, it’s all messed up when it’s nowhere to go
So we won’t take the time out 'til we reach the T-O-P
From parolees that hold G’s, sold keys, low keys
We like the promised land of the OG’s
In the past if you picture events like a black tie
What the last thing you expect to see? Black guys
What’s the life expectancy for black guys?
The system’s working effectively, that’s why
I’ll be a real man, take care of your son
Every problem you had before this day is now done
New crib, watch a movie
'Cause ain’t nothin' on the news but the blues
Hit the mall, pick up some Gucci
Now ain’t nothing new but your shoes
Sunday morning, praise the Lord
You the girl that Jesus had been saving me for
So let’s savor this moment and take it to the floor
Black excellence, truly yours
It's crazy how you can go from bein' Joe Blow
To everybody on your dick; no homo
I bought my whole family whips; no Volvos
Next time I’m in church: please, no photos
Police escorts, everybody passports
This the life that everybody ask for
This the fast life, we are on a crash course
What you think I rap for, to push a fuckin' Rav 4?
But I know that if I stay stunting
All these girls only gon' want one thing
I can spend my whole life goodwill hunting
Only good gon' come is this good when I'm cumming
She got a ass that'll swallow up a G-string
And up top, ungh, two bee stings
And I'm beasting off the Riesling
And my nigga just made it out the precinct
We give a damn about the drama that your dude bring
I'm just tryin' to change the color on your mood ring
Reebok, baby, you need to try some new things
Have you ever had shoes without shoe strings?
"What's that, Ye?" "Baby, these heels."
"Is that a May— what?!" "Baby, these wheels."
You trippin' when you ain't sippin', have a refill
You feelin' like you runnin', huh? Now you know how we feel
I'm lost in the world, been down my whole life
I'm up in the woods, I'm down on my mind
I'm new in the city, and I'm down for the night
I'm building a still, to slow down the time
Down for the night, said she’s down for the night
Ooohh, ooohh, ooohh, ooohh
Ooohh, ooohh, ooohh, ooohh (slow down the time)
I'm lost in the world, been down my whole life
I'm up in the woods, I'm down on my mind
I'm new in the city, but I'm down for the night
I'm building a still, to slow down the time
Down for the night, down for the night
You're my devil, you're my angel
You're my heaven, you're my hell
You're my now, you're my forever
You're my freedom, you're my jail
You're my lies, you're my truth
You're my war, you're my truce
You're my questions, you're my proof
You're my stress and you're my masseuse
Ma-ma-se, ma-ma-se, ma-ma-ku-sa
Lost in this plastic life
Let's break out of this fake-ass party
Turn this into a classic night
If we die in each others arms
Still get laid in the afterlife
If we die in each others arms
Still get laid, yeah, yeah, yeah
I'm lost in the world
Been down my whole life
I'm new in the city
And I'm down for the night, down for the night
Down for the night
I'm lost in the world
Been down my whole life
I'm new in the city
And I'm down for the night, down for the night
I'm lost in the world
Been down my whole life
I'm new in the city
But I'm down for the night, down for the night
Oh, oh, get down
Hey, woah-ohh, hey, woah-ohh
Hey woah-ohh, hey-hey-hey!
Hey, woah-ohh, hey, woah-ohh
Hey woah-ohh, hey-hey-hey!
Hey, woah-ohh, hey, woah-ohh
Hey woah-ohh, hey-hey-hey!
Hey, woah-ohh, hey, woah-ohh
Hey woah-ohh, hey-hey-hey!
God is King, we the soldiers
Ultrabeam out the solar
When I get to Heaven's gates
I ain’t gotta peek over
Keepin' perfect composure
When I scream at the chauffeur
I ain't mean, I’m just focused
I ain't mean, I'm just focused
Pour the lean out slower
Got us clean out of soda
Before the flood, people judge
They did the same thing to Noah
Everybody wanted Yandhi
Then Jesus Christ did the laundry
They say the week start on Monday
But the strong start on Sunday
Won't be in bondage to any man
John 8:33
We the descendants of Abraham
Ye should be made free
John 8:36
To whom the son set free is free indeed
He saved a wretch like me
If you woke, then wake up
With Judas, kiss and make up
Even with the bitter cup
Forgave my brothers and drank up
Did everything but gave up
Stab my back, I can't front
Still we win, we prayed up
Even when we die, we raise up (Hallelujah)
Ain't no wantin', no, we need it
The powers that be done been greedy
We need ours by this evening
No white flag or no treaty
We got the product, we got the tools
We got the minds, we got the youth
We goin' wild, we on the loose
People is lying, we are the truth
Everything old shall now become new
The leaves’ll be green, bearing the fruit
Love God and our neighbor, as written in Luke
The army of God and we are the truth
Wah, woo, wah, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo
Wah, woo, wah, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo
Woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo
Wah, woo, wah, woo, woo, woo, woo
This the cray-ist shit in the club
Since "In Da Club"
It's so packed I might ride around
On my bodyguard's back like Prince in the club
She say "Can you get my friends in the club?"
I say "Can you get my Benz in the club?"
If not, treat your friends like my Benz
Park they ass outside 'til the evenin' end
When I go raw, I like to leave it in
When I wake up, I like to go again
When I go to work, she gotta call it in
She can't go to work, same clothes again
And her heart colder than the souls of men
Louboutin on the toes again
Tight dress dancin' close to him
Yeezus just rose again
This is something like the Holocaust
Millions of our people lost
Bow our heads and pray to the Lord
'Til I die, I'ma fucking ball
Now who gon' stop me? Who gon' stop me, huh?
Who gon' stop me? Who gon' stop me, huh?
Black cards, black cars, black on black, black broads
Whole lotta money in a black bag
Black strap: you know what that's for
Niggas talking, they bitch-made, ixnay off my dicksnay
That’s Pig Latin, itch-bay; who gon' stop me, huh?
Last night ain’t go so well, got kicked up out the hotel
Got a little freaky like Marvin Albert, "Yes!" Tell Howard Cosell
You just a commentator if you getting paper
Everybody I know from the hood got common haters
In some relations, you just supposed to say none
Heard she fucked the doorman
Well, that’s cool, I fucked the waitress
Heard Yeezy was racist, well, I guess that’s on one basis
I only like green faces
This is something like the Holocaust
Millions of our people lost
Bow our heads and pray to the Lord
'Til I die, I'ma fucking ball
Now who gon' stop me? Who gon' stop me, huh?
Who gon' stop me? Who gon' stop me, huh?
Black cards, black cars, black on black, black broads
Whole lotta money in a black bag
Black strap: you know what that's for
Y'all weed purple, my money purple
Y'all Steve Urkel, I’m Oprah's circle (Yeah, yeah, let's go)
I wrote the verse that I hope will hurt you
This is something like the Holocaust
Millions of our people lost
Bow our heads and pray to the Lord
'Til I die, I'ma fucking ball
Now who gon' stop me? Who gon' stop me, huh?
Who gon' stop me? Who gon' stop me, huh?
Black cards, black cars, black on black, black broads
Whole lotta money in a black bag
Black strap: you know what that's for
Yeah, and we G.O.O.D
Keep talkin' about this shit but whatever
We can go back and forth all day
(How much I feel, I live for your love)
Lit for your love baby, lit for your love
(Live for your love)
Lit for your love baby, lit for your love
(Live for your love)
Lit for your love baby, lit for your love
(Live for your love)
Lit for your love baby (Straight up!)
That's that don't play! Whuh! That's that new Ye
People sayin' I'm the closest thing to Mike since Janet, whuh!
Tom Cruise, homie, we jumpin' up on them couches
That's a fresh house, is that a guest house?
Your house got another house?
Your bitch got a bitch, your spouse got another spouse
Young Walt Disney, I'ma tell you truthfully
If you leave Mickey you gon' end up with a Goofy
I imagine that's what Chris told Karrueche
Girls be actin' like it's diamonds in they coochie
I don't give a fuck, I don't give a fuck
But cops chokin' niggas out in the media
We finna have to protest and tear the city up
We 'bout to tear this whole place up, pretty much
(How much I live)
And you know it's all your fault
Nobody, nobody, nobody, babe
You know it's all your fault
Nobody, nobody, nobody, but me
Lit for your love baby, lit for your love
Lit for your love baby, lit for your love
Lit for your love baby, lit for your love
Lit for your love baby (Straight up!)
(I live for your love)
Lit for your love baby, lit for your love
(Live for your love)
Lit for your love baby, lit for your love
(Live for your love)
Lit for your love baby, lit for your love
(Live for your love)
Lit for your love baby (Straight up!)
I gotta testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day I die, I'ma touch the sky
Gotta testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day I die, I'ma touch the sky
Back when they thought pink Polos would hurt the Roc
Before Cam got the shit to pop
The doors was closed
I felt like Bad Boy's street team: I couldn't work the locks
Now let's go, take 'em back to the plan
Me and my momma hopped in that U-Haul van
Any pessimists, I ain't talk to them
Plus I ain't have no phone in my apart-a-ment
Let's take 'em back to the club
Least about an hour I stand on line
I just wanted to dance, I went to Jacob an hour
After I got my advance, I just wanted to shine
Jay favorite line: "Dawg, in due time!"
Now he look at me, like, "Damn, dawg! You where I am!"
A hip-hop legend
I think I died in that accident, ‘cause this must be Heaven
I gotta testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day I die, I'ma touch the sky
Gotta testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day I die, I'ma touch the sky
Now let's take them hi-ah-igh-igh-igh-ighhhh
(Top of the world, baby, top top of the world!)
A-la-la-la-lah-la-lahhhhh
(Top of the world, baby, on top of the world!)
Now let's take them hi-ah-igh-igh-igh-ighhhh
(Top of the world, baby, top top of the world!)
A-la-la-la-lah-la-lahhhhh
(Top of the world, baby, on top of the world!)
Back when Gucci was the shit to rock
Back when Slick Rick got the shit to pop
I'd do anything to say I got it
Damn, them new loafers hurt my pocket
Before anybody wanted K. West beats
Me and my girl split the buffet at KFC
Dog, I was havin' nervous breakdowns
Like "Man, these niggas that much better than me?"
Baby, I'm goin' on an aeroplane
And I don't know if I'll be back again
Sure enough, I sent the plane tickets
But when she came to kick it, things became different
Any girl I cheated on, sheets I skeeted on
Couldn't keep it at home, thought I needed a Nia Long
I'm tryin' to right my wrongs
But it's funny them same wrongs helped me write this song
I gotta testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day you die, you gon' touch the sky
You gon' touch the sky, baby girl, testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day you die, you gon' touch the sky
I gotta testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day you die, you gon' touch the sky
You gon' touch the sky, baby girl, testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day you die, you gon' touch the sky
We back at home, baby!
Sky high, I’m, I’m sky high!
I’m, I’m sky high!
I’m, I’m sky high!
I’m, I’m sky high!
I’m, I’m sky high!
Sky, sky high! I’m, I’m sky high!
Yeah, keep it rollin'!
Yeah, uh, feels good to be home, baby!
Feels good to be home!
Woo! You will never need another lover
Woo! 'Cause you a milf and I'm a motherfucker
Told you give the drummer some, now the drummer cummin'
I'm pa rum pa pum pumin' all on your stomach
Yeah, tonight I see some super freaky hoes
That could go from bein' stripper to a super CEO
I don't know the way you do it, but you do it to me though
And you always told your girlfriends you need you a TV show
Now you got your own money, you don't need nobody else
But far as handlin' all that ass, I think you gon' need some help
Let me remind you, you got a, you got a great future behind you
You gotta tell me what we tryna do
I ain't no pastor, don't do missionary
I know good pussy when I see it, I'm a visionary
I know them haters talkin', always had us very wary
Yup! On the 35th of Nevuary
Yup! You love the way I'm turnt
After all the money you earned, still show daddy what you learned
That cowgirl, you reverse that cowgirl
You reverse, you reverse, and I impregnated your mouth, girl
Ooooh, that's when I knew you could be my spouse, girl
We fuckin' all over the house, girl
We just messed up a brand new couch, girl
If you ain't on site, then you on Skype
I put you on that bike, you bound, girl
We too wild, won't turn down
We drunk in love, fuck them
Ayy, ya heard about the good news?
Y'all sleeping on me, huh? Had a good snooze?
Wake up, nigga, wake up
We 'bout to get this paper
Money never made me
Make me do something? Nah, can't make me
Even if the money low, can't pay me
Even if the money low, can't play me
Ayy, ya heard about the good news?
Y'all sleeping on me, huh? Had a good snooze?
Wake up, nigga, wake up
We 'bout to get this paper
Pablo bought a Rolie and a rottweiler
Seem like the more fame, I only got wilder
Hands up, we just doing what the cops taught us
Hands up, we just doing what the cops taught us
I've been outta my mind a long time
I've been outta my mind a long time
I be saying how I feel at the wrong time
Might not come when you want but I'm on time
Ayy, ya heard about the good news?
Y'all sleeping on me, huh? Had a good snooze?
Wake up, nigga, wake up
We 'bout to get this paper
I can’t let these people play me
Name one genius that ain't crazy
Follow our father
You borrow our motto
I'm a Chicago south sider
I'm a Chicago south sider
Ayy, ya heard about the good news?
Y'all sleeping on your boy, had a good snooze?
Wake up, nigga, wake up
It's time to get the paper
I've been outta my mind a long time
I've been outta my mind a long time
I know, I know, I shouldn’t even bother
With all these gossiping, no-pussy-getting bloggers
Fashion show in Gotham, I need another costume
PETA mad cause I made a jacket outta' possum
Awesome, Steve Jobs mixed with Steve Austin
Rich slave in the fabric store picking cotton
If Hov J then every Jordan need a Rodman
Man, Jay, they don't really want no problems
Driving in the same car that they killed Pac in
Driving in the same urrr that they killed Pac in
Hands up, we just doing what the cops taught us
Hands up, hands up, then the cops shot us
Hold on, hold on, hold on
Wait a second, everybody here, I'm the ghetto Oprah
You know what that mean? You get a fur! You get a fur!
You get a jet! You get a jet! Big booty bitch for you! Woo!
Niggas be lovin' the old Ye, they sayin' the new Ye, that nigga be spazzin'
But when Ali turn up and be Ali, you can't ever change that nigga back to Cassius
So you can gon' and make up lies, but I'm so sanctified
I don't sweat it, wipe my forehead with a handkerchief
And wash my sins in the blood of Jesus (Ross grunt)
People sayin', "Ye we need another Yeezus" (Ross grunt)
Lames try to tell me, "Cut the wildin' out, out"
But who the fuck is you reachin'?
Pass me 30 bottles, champagne procession
That's that Holy water, sanctified refreshments
God sent me a message, said I'm too aggressive
Really!? Me!? Too aggressive!?
W-W-W-What is it?
"You better change what comes out your speaker"
"You better change, ch-ch-change"
"Dee-dee-dee, dah-dee, dah-dee, dee-dee, dah-dee, day-ah" (What is it?)
"You better change what comes out your speaker"
"You better change ch-change, ch-change, ch-change, cha-ange"
"You better change what comes out your speaker"
"Th-Th-Th-Th-They must be on the dick of who?"
"Th-Th-Th-Th-They must be on the dick of who?"
This that rap god shit nigga
I rip every one of these mothafuckas down, ayy
Rah, rah, rah
Rah, rah
Closed eyes, see things
Fire up, tweaking
You in my freak dreams
You in my freak dreams
Bad bitch, you dig that
Get stacks, drive cars
Whip out, bitch out
Tits out, oh shit
My dick out, can she suck it right now?
Fuck, can she fuck right now?
I done asked twice now
Can you bring your price down?
Lil Boosie with the wipe down
A little woozy but I'm nice now
What the fuck right now?
What the fuck right now?
What the, what the fuck right now?
What if we fuck right now?
What if we fucked right in the middle
Of this mothafuckin' dinner table?
What if we fucked at this Vogue party?
Would we be the life of the whole party?
Shut down the whole party
Would everybody start fuckin'?
Would everybody start fuckin'?
Would everybody start fuckin'?
They don't want nothin'
You mothafuckas livin' like half of your level, half of your life
I smack her on her ass if she ghetto, I ain't gon' lie
We be in the bathroom fuckin' like "Baby, don't get too loud!"
I can, I can see it, yeah
Like we always do at this time
I go for mine, I gots to shine
(Now throw yo' hands up in the sky)
I, go, go for mine, I gots to shine
(Now throw yo' hands up in the sky)
I'ma get on this TV momma, I'ma
I'ma put shit down
(Ayy) ayy (Ayy), ayy
(Ayy) ayy (Ayy), I'm good
Welcome to the good life, where niggas who sell D
Won't even get pulled over in they new V
The good life, let's go on a living spree
Shit, they say the best things in life are free
The good life, it feel like Atlanta
It feel like L.A., it feel like Miami
It feel like NY, summertime Chi
Ah! (Now throw yo' hands up in the sky)
So I roll through good
Y'all pop the trunk, I pop the hood, Ferrari
And she got the goods
And she got that ass, I got to look, sorry!
Yo, it's got to be 'cause I'm seasoned
Haters give me them salty looks, Lawry's
50 told me, "Go 'head, switch the style up
And if they hate then let 'em hate and watch the money pile up"
The good life
Now I, I go for mine, I got to shine
(Now throw yo' hands up in the sky)
Now I, I go for mine, I got to shine
(Now throw yo' hands up in the sky)
(I'ma get on this TV momma, I'ma)
(I'ma put shit down)
Ayy (Ayy), ayy (Ayy)
Ayy (Ayy), ayy (I'm good)
Welcome to the good life!
Where we like the girls who ain't on TV
'Cause they got mo' (Ass than the models)
The good life, so keep it comin' with the bottles
'Cause she feel booze like she bombed at Apollo
The good life, it feel like Houston
It feel like Philly, it feel like D.C
It feel like VA or the Bay or Yay
Ayy, this is the good life (Welcome to the good life)
Homey tell me what's good
Why I only got a problem when you in the hood (Welcome to the good life)
Like I'm new in the hood
The only thing I wish, I wish a nigga would (Welcome to the good life!)
He probably think he could
But, but, I don't think he should (Welcome to the good life)
50 told me, "Go 'head, switch the style up
And if they hate then let 'em hate and watch the money pile up"
The good life
Now I, I go for mine, I gots to shine
(Now throw yo' hands up in the sky)
Now I, I go for mine, I gots to shine
(Now throw yo' hands up in the sky)
I'ma get on the TV momma, I'ma
I'ma put shit down
(Ayy) ayy (Ayy), ayy
(Ayy) ayy (Ayy), I'm good
Have you ever popped champagne on a plane, while gettin' some brain
Whipped it out, she said "I never seen Snakes on a Plane"
Whether you broke or rich you gotta get this
Havin' money's not everything, not havin' it is
I was splurgin' on Tryst, but when I get my card back
Activated, I'm back to Vegas
'Cause (The good life) I always had a passion for flashin'
Befo' I had it, I closed my eyes and imagined the good life
Take the top off, let the sun come in (The lord still shines on you)
Whoa, for all my dogs that stayed down, we up again (Again)
Oh, I got dirt on my name, I got white on my beard
I had debt on my books, it's been a shaky-ass year
Let me make this clear, so all y'all see
I don't take advice from people less successful than me
Hah? Ain't no love lost, but the gloves off
And we up in this bitch until they turn the club off
Had to tell the dogs, "Turn the snubs off!"
Plus they already mad that the Cubs lost
(Believe it or not) These two wrongs'll right you
(Believe it or not) I was too grown in high school
(Believe it or not) The true soul of Ice Cube
Too close to snipe you, truth told, I like you
Too bold to type you, too rich to fight you
Calm down, you light skin!
Infrared, yeah, you know what I mean?
Infrared, yeah, you know what I mean?
The game's fucked up
Niggas’ beats is bangin', nigga, ya hooks did it
The lyric pennin' equal the Trumps winnin’
The bigger question is how the Russians did it
It was written like Nas, but it came from Quentin
At the mercy of a game where the codes is missin'
When the CEO's blinded by the glow it's different
Believe in myself and the Coles and Kendricks
Let the sock puppets play in their roles and gimmicks
Shit, remember Will Smith won the first Grammy?
And they ain't even recognize Hov until "Annie"
So I don't tap dance for the crackers and sing Mammy
'Cause I'm ’posed to juggle these flows and nose candy (yugh)
Ferrari, my 40th, blew the candles out
Tom Brady’d you niggas, I had to scramble out
They be ridin' these waves, I pulled my sandals out
Jefe Latin my Grammy, I went the Spanish route
Oh, now it’s okay to kill Baby?
Niggas looked at me crazy like I really killed a baby
Salute Ross 'cause the message was pure
He see what I see when you see Wayne on tour
Flash without the fire
Another multi-platinum rapper trapped and can't retire
Niggas get exposed, I see the cracks and I'm the liar?
Shit, I’ve been exposed, I took the crack and built the wire
Now who do you admire?
Your rap songs is all tryin' my patience
Them prices ain't real without inflation
I done flew it, I done grew it, been a conduit
Moynat bags on my bitches, I done blew it
See through it, neck, igloo it
Habla en español, I "y tu" it
Let Steven talk streamin' and Shazam numbers
I'll ensure that you gettin' every gram from us
Let's cram numbers, easily
The only rapper sold more dope than me was Eazy-E
How could you ever right these wrongs
When you don't even write your songs?
But let us all play along
We all know what niggas for real been waitin' on
Push
I do, so, yeah
Infrared, yeah, you know what I mean?
Infrared, yeah, you know what I mean?
Infrared, yeah, you know what I mean?
Infrared, yeah, you know what I mean?
I'm gone, I'm gone, you hear me?
I'm gone
1985 white Lamborghini Countach, two of 'em
I need a slow motion video right now
'Cause I'm movin' in slow motion, slow motion
Feelin' like Hype Williams shootin' a nigga
Shootin' a nigga, hey, hey, hey
I need a slow motion video right now, ay, ay
Damn, baby, pussy can't be your only hustle
Unless you bad as Naomi Russell
I mean a lot of niggas got money
So basically, Russell ain't the only Russell
Russell Brand, Russell Crowe
Zero, zero, zero, zero, a whole lot of Os
What you after, actor money?
You in line behind currency, yeah, you after money
Bulletproof condom when I'm in these hoes
Got staples on my dick, why? Fuckin' centerfolds
And I swear to God they so cold
Got a nigga in Miami wearing winter clothes
I got my fur on, feelin' like Jerome
She got her fur too, we get our his and her on
Don't look at the jewelry, or get your blur on
Too close, you comatose, so dope, you overdose
Get back, you overclose, oh no
The hood was strugglin' but then I blessed them with that Polo
Niggas was making music and then my first solo
Collo Drolo, sponsored by Manolo
She got Zeppi Notos ready for some photos
Yeah and I'm cold, bitch, please try to keep the door closed
Lanvin thousand-dollar tee with no logos
Let me show you what I see when my eyes closed
I need a slow motion video right now
'Cause I'm movin' in slow motion, slow motion
(I'm moving in slow motion, slow motion)
Feelin' like Hype Williams shootin' a nigga
(I'm moving in slow motion, slow motion)
Shootin' a nigga, hey, hey, hey
(I'm moving in slow motion, slow motion)
I need a slow motion video right now
(I'm moving in slow motion, slow motion)
Ay, ay
(I'm moving in slow motion, slow motion)
When it comes to being true, at least true to me
One thing I've found, one thing I found
Oh no, you'll never let me down
Get up, I get down, get up, I get down
Get up, I get down, get up, I get down
Get up, I get down, get up, I get down
When it comes to being true, at least true to me
One thing I've found, one thing I found
Oh no, you'll never let me down
Get up, I get down, get up, I get down
Get up, I get down, get up, I get down
Get up, I get down, get up
I get down for my grandfather who took my mama
Made her sit in that seat where white folks ain't want us to eat
At the tender age of 6, she was arrested for the sit-ins
And with that in my blood I was born to be different
Now niggas can't make it to ballots to choose leadership
But we can make it to Jacob's and to the dealership
That's why I hear new music and I just don't be feelin' it
Racism's still alive, they just be concealin' it
But I know they don't want me in the damn club
They even made me show ID to get inside of Sam's Club
I done did dirt and went to church to get my hands scrubbed
Swear I've been baptized 'least three or four times
But in the land where niggas praise Yukons and getting paid
It's gonna take a lot more than coupons to get us saved
Like it take a lot more than doo rags to get you waves
Nothing sad as that day my girl's father passed away
So I promised to Mr. Rainey I'm gonna marry your daughter
And you know I gotta thank you for the way that she was brought up
And I know that you were smiling when you see the car I bought her
You sent tears from heaven when you seen my car get balled up
But I can't complain what the accident did to my left eye
'Cause look what an accident did to Left Eye
First Aaliyah now Romeo must die
I know I got angels watching me from the other side
When it comes to being true, at least true to me
One thing I've found, one thing I found
Oh no, you'll never let me down
Get up, I get down, get up, I get down
Get up, I get down, get up, I get down
Get up, I get down, get up, I get down
When it comes to being true, at least true to me
One thing I found, one thing I found
Oh no, you'll never let me down
Get up, I get, get up, I get
Get up, I get, get up, I get
Get up, I get, get up, I get down
Stadium status
My big brother was B.I.G.'s brother
Used to be Dame and Biggs' brother
Who was Hip Hop brother, who was No I.D. friend
No I.D. my mentor, now let the story begin
It's the Hard Knock Life Tour, sellout
Picture us in the mall, coppin' Iceberg and yell out "Jigga"
Yeah, that's what we'll yell out, yell out
You know the name do I gotta spell out or tell 'bout
J-A-Y, and 'Ye so shy
Now he won't even step to his idol to say hi
Standing there like a mime and let the chance pass by
Back of my mind, "He could change your life
With all these beats I did, at least let him hear it
At least you can brag to ya friends back at the gig"
But he got me out my momma crib
Then he help me get my momma a crib
Big brother was B.I.G.'s brother
Used to be Dame and Biggs' brother
Who was Hip Hop brother, who was No I.D. friend
No I.D. my mentor, now let the story begin, begin
Let the story begin
If you feel the way I feel why don't you wave your hands?
Fresh off the plane, I'm off to Baseline
Nothing handed out, I'm 'bout to take mine
'round the same time of that Blueprint 1
And these beats in my pocket was that blueprint for him
I'd play my little songs in that old back room
He'd bob his head and say "Damn! Oh, that's you?"
But by The Black Album, I was blacking out
Partyin' S.O.B.'s and we had packed a crowd
Big brother got his show up at Madison Square
And I'm like "Yeah, yeah, we gon' be there" but
Not only did I not get a chance to spit it
Carline told me I could buy two tickets
I guess big brother was thinkin' a little different
And kept little brother at bay, at a distance
But everything that I felt was more bogus
Only made me more focused, only wrote more potent
Only thing I wanna know is why I get looked over
I guess I'll understand when I get more older
Big brother saw me at the bottom of the totem
Now I'm on the top and everybody on the scrotum
My big brother was B.I.G.'s brother
Used to be Dame and Biggs' brother
Who was Hip Hop brother, who was No I.D. friend
No I.D. my mentor, now let the story begin, begin
Let the story begin
If you feel the way I feel why don't you wave your hands?
Have you ever walked in the shadow of a giant?
Not only a client, the Presidito, hola, Hovito
The game gettin' foul so here's a free throw
I was always on the other side of the peephole
Then I dropped "Jesus Walks" now I'm on the steeple
And we know, "New Jack City"—got to keep my brother
But to be number one I'ma beat my brother
On that "Diamonds" remix I swore I spazzed
Then my big brother came through and kicked my ass
Sibling rivalry, only I could see
It was the pride in me that was drivin' me
At the Grammys I said, "I inspired me"
But my big brother who I always tried to be
When I kicked a flow it was like pick-and-roll
Cause even if he gave me the rock, it's give-and-go
I guess Beanie's style was more of a slam dunk
And my shit was more like a finger roll
But I had them singles though
And them hoes at the show gonna mingle, yo, heh, y'all know
I told Jay I did a song with Coldplay
Next thing I know he got a song with Coldplay
Back in my mind I'm like, "Damn, no way"
Translate, español: "No way, José"
Then I went and told Jay Brown
Shoulda known that was gonna come back around
Shoulda talked to you like a man, shoulda told you first
But I told somebody else and that's what made shit worse
My big brother was B.I.G.'s brother
So here's a few words from ya kid brother
If you admire somebody you should go on 'head tell 'em
People never get the flowers while they can still smell 'em
A idol in my eyes, god of the game
Heart of the City, Roc-a-Fella chain
Never be the same, never be another
Number one, Young Hov, also my big brother
My big brother was B.I.G.'s brother
Used to be Dame and Biggs' brother
Who was Hip Hop brother, who was No I.D. friend
No I.D., my mentor, and that's where the story ends
Toomp killed this shit
I think I just fell in love with a porn star
Turn the camera on, she a born star
Turn the corners in a foreign car
Call the coroners, do the CPR
She gave that old nigga a ulcer
Her bittersweet taste made his gold teeth ache, uh
Make her knees shake, make a priest faint, uh
Make a nun cum, make her cremate, uh
Move downtown, cop a sweet space, uh
Livin’ life like we won the sweepstakes, what
We headed to hell for Heaven’s sakes, huh
Well I’mma levitate, make the devil wait, yeah!
Have you lost your mind?
Tell me when you think we crossed the line
No more drugs for me, pussy and religion is all I need
Grab my hand and baby we’ll live a hell of a life
Never in your wildest dreams
Never in your wildest dreams, in your wildest
You could hear the loudest screams
Comin’ from inside the screen, you a wild bitch
Tell me what I gotta do to be that guy
Said her price go down, she ever fuck a black guy
Or do anal, or do a gangbang
It’s kinda crazy that’s all considered the same thing
Well I guess a lotta niggas do gang bang
And if we run trains, we all in the same gang
Runaway slaves all on a chain gang
Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang
Have you lost your mind?
Tell me when you think we crossed the line
No more drugs for me, pussy and religion is all I need
Grab my hand and baby we’ll live a hell of a life
One day I’m gon' marry a porn star
We’ll have a big-ass crib and a long yard
We’ll have a mansion and some fly maids
Nothin’ to hide, we both screwed the bridesmaids
She wanna role play, 'til I roll over
I’mma need a whole day, at least rolled doja
What party is we goin’ to on Oscar day
'specially if she can’t get that dress from Oscar de
La Renta, they wouldn’t rent her, they couldn’t take the shame
Snatched the dress off her back and told her, “Get away”
How could you say they live they life wrong?
When you never fuck with the lights on
Fuck with the lights
Fuck with the- with the lights on
Fuck with the lights
Fuck with the- with the lights on
Fuck with the lights on
With the- with the lights on
Fuck with the lights
Fuck with the- with the lights on
Fuck- Fuck with the lights
Fuck with the- with the lights on
Fuck with the lights
Fuck with the- with the lights on
Have you lost your mind?
Tell me when you think we crossed the line
No more drugs for me, pussy and religion is all I need
Grab my hand and baby we’ll live a hell of a life
I think I fell in love with a porn star
And got married in a bathroom
Honeymoon on the dance floor
And got divorced by the end of the night
That’s one hell of a life
(Mmm, mmm, mmm)
Man, oh my God
She Instagram famous but she can't keep a job (Ooh)
Man, oh my God
Swipe her 30-inch weave on her sugar daddy card (Ooh)
Man, oh my God
Her doctor got her bustin' out her motherfuckin' bra (Mmm)
Man, oh my God
She Uber to a nigga with no car
Talkin' 'bout the relish, I do not embellish
Jacket got wings, True's got propellers
Gave all my old Margielas to my boy Marcellus
Pulled up with no laces, had the whole block jealous
Oh, Jesus Christ, I don't need advice
Wild nigga life, tell 'em read my rights
Man it hot tonight, lucky I wore my ice
15 in the game, baby girl, I got stripes (Huuh)
God is
My light in darkness, oh
God, God is
He, He is my all and all (And I'll never turn back)
God is
Everything that hath breath praise the Lord
Worship Christ with the best of your portions
I know I won't forget all He's done
He's the strength in this race that I run
Every time I look up, I see God's faithfulness
And it shows just how much He is miraculous
I can't keep it to myself, I can't sit here and be still
Everybody, I will tell 'til the whole world is healed
King of Kings, Lord of Lords, all the things He has in store
From the rich to the poor, all are welcome through the door
You won't ever be the same when you call on Jesus' name
Listen to the words I'm sayin', Jesus saved me, now I'm sane
And I know, I know God is the force that picked me up
I know Christ is the fountain that filled my cup
I know God is alive, yeah
He has opened up my vision
Giving me a revelation
This ain't 'bout a dead religion
Jesus brought a revolution
All the captives are forgiven
Time to break down all the prisons
Every man, every woman
There is freedom from addiction
Jesus, You have my soul
Sunday Service on a roll
All my idols, let 'em go
All the demons, let 'em know
This a mission, not a show
This is my eternal soul
This my kids, this the crib
This my wife, this my life
This my God-given right
Thank You, Jesus, won the fight
That's what God is
That's what God is
That's what God is
Close your eyes and imagine, feel the magic
Vegas on acid, seen through Yves St. Laurent glasses
And I've realized that I've arrived
'Cause it take more than a magazine to kill my Vibe
Does he write his own rhymes? Well, sort of, I think 'em
That mean I forgot better shit than you ever thought of
Damn, is he really that caught up?
I ask, if you talkin' about classics, do my name get brought up?
I remember I couldn't afford a Ford Escort
Or even a four-track recorder
So it's only right that I let the top drop on a drop-top Porsche
Spoil yourself, that's important
If your stripper name "Porsche" and you get tips from many men
Then your fat friend, her nickname is "Minivan"
Excuse me, that's just the Henny, man
I smoke, I drink, I'm supposed to stop, I can't, because—
I was sick about awards, couldn't nobody cure me
Only playa that got robbed but kept all his jewelry
Alicia Keys tried to talk some sense in him
Thirty minutes later seein' there's no convincin' him
What more could you ask for? The international asshole
Who complain about what he is owed?
And throw a tantrum like he is three years old
You gotta love it though: somebody still speaks from his soul
And wouldn't change by the change or the game or the fame
When he came in the game, he made his own lane
Now all I need is y'all to pronounce my name
It's Kanye, but some of my plaques, they still say Kayne
Got family in the D, Kin-folk from Motown
Back in the Chi, them Folks ain't from Moe Town
Life movin' too fast, I need to slow down
Girl ain't give me no ass, you need to go down
My father been said I need Jesus
So he took me to church and let the water wash over my caesar
The preacher said we need leaders
Right then my body got still like a paraplegic
You know who you call; you got a message, then leave it
The Roc stand tall and you would never believe it
Take your diamonds and throw 'em up like you bulimic
Yeah, the beat cold, but the flow is anemic
After debris settles and the dust get swept off
Big K pick up where young Hov left off
Right when magazines wrote Kanye West off
I dropped my new shit, it sound like the best of
A&R's lookin' like, "Pssh, we messed up."
Grammy night, damn right, we got dressed up
Bottle after bottle 'til we got messed up
In the studio, with Really Doe, yeah, he next up
People askin' me if I'm gon' give my chain back
That'll be the same day I give the game back
You know the next question, dog: "Yo, where Dame at?"
This track the Indian dance to bring our reign back
"What's up with you and Jay, man? Are y'all okay, man?"
They pray for the death of our dynasty like "Amen"
R-r-r-r-right here stands a man
With the power to make a diamond with his bare hands
(Hey Mama)
I wanna scream so loud for you, 'cause I'm so proud of you
Let me tell you what I'm about to do
(Hey Mama)
I know I act a fool but, I promise you I'm goin' back to school
I appreciate what you allowed for me
I just want you to be proud of me
(Hey Mama)
I wanna tell the whole world about a friend of mine
This little light of mine and I'm finna let it shine
I'm finna take y'all back to them better times
I'm finna talk about my mama if y'all don't mind
I was three years old when you and I moved to the Chi
Late December, harsh winter gave me a cold
You fixed me up something that was good for my soul
Famous homemade chicken soup, can I have another bowl?
You work late nights just to keep on the lights
Mommy got me training wheels so I could keep on my bike
And you would give anything in this world
Michael Jackson leather and a glove, but didn't give me a curl
And you never put no man over me
And I love you for that, mommy, can't you see?
Seven years old, caught you with tears in your eyes
'Cause a nigga cheatin', telling you lies, then I started to cry
As we knelt on the kitchen floor
I said mommy I'ma love you 'til you don't hurt no more
And when I'm older, you ain't gotta work no more
And I'ma get you that mansion that we couldn't afford
See you're unbreakable, unmistakable
Highly capable, lady that's makin' loot
A livin' legend too, just look at what heaven do
Send us an angel, and I thank you (Hey Mama)
(Hey Mama)
I wanna scream so loud for you, 'cause I'm so proud of you
Let me tell you what I'm about to do
(Hey Mama)
I know I act a fool but, I promise you I'm goin' back to school
I appreciate what you allowed for me
I just want you to be proud of me
(Hey Mama)
Forrest Gump mama said, "Life is like a box of chocolates"
My mama told me go to school, get your doctorate
Somethin to fall back on, you could profit with
But still supported me when I did the opposite
Now I feel like it's things I gotta get
Things I gotta do, just to prove to you
You was getting through, can the choir, please
Give me a verse of "You Are So Beautiful To Me"
Can't you see, you're like a book of poetry
Maya Angelou, Nikki Giovanni, turn one page and there's my mommy
Come on mommy just dance wit' me, let the whole world see your dancing feet
Now when I say Hey, y'all say, Mama, now everybody answer me (Hey Mama)
(Hey Mama)
I wanna scream so loud for you, 'cause I'm so proud of you
Let me tell you what I'm about to do
(Hey Mama)
I know I act a fool but, I promise you I'm goin' back to school
I appreciate what you allowed for me
I just want you to be proud of me
(Hey Mama)
I guess it also depends though if my ends low
Second, they get up you gon get that Benzo
Tint the windows, ride around the city and let ya friends know (Hey Mama)
Tell your job you gotta fake em out
Since you brought me in this world, let me take you out
To a restaurant, upper echelon
I'ma get you a Jag, whatever else you want
Just tell me what kind of S-Type Donda West like?
Tell me the perfect color so I make it just right
It don't gotta be Mother's Day, or your birthday
For me to just call and say: (Hey Mama)
I wanna scream so loud for you, 'cause I'm so proud of you
Let me tell you what I'm about to do
(Hey Mama)
You know I love you so
I never let you go
Wrote this song just so you know
No matter where you go our love is true
Mama mama mama mama mama...
Mama mama mama mama mama...
It was all good just a week ago, niggas feel theyself
And that Watch the Throne drop, niggas kill theyself
What niggas gon' do, Hov?
This the new crack, on a new stove
I'm in the two-door, true that, niggas telling me, "You back!"
Like a nigga ever left up out this bitch, huh?
And if life's a bitch, bet she suck my dick, huh
And I bet she fucked the whole clique, huh
By the way, nigga, you should fucking quit, nigga
Just forget it, you talk it, I live it
Like Eli, I did it, joke's on you, motherfucker, and I get it, haha
No paper, ho, but you can have some more of me
Or-a-gy or are we speaking metaphorically?
Historically I'm kicking bitches out like Pam, nigga
Going HAM, nigga; me and Jigga
And a nigga still young, why I have no kids
But I've been practicing with some actresses as bad as shit
Had a few white girls, asses flat as shit
But the head's so good, damn, a nigga glad he hit
Got 'em jumping out the building, watch out below
A million out the door
I'm about to go HAM
Hard as a motherfucker, let these niggas know who I am
I'm about to go HAM
Hard as a motherfucker, let these niggas know who I am
Vivat rex in homine
Vivat rex in homine
Vivat rex in homine
Vivat rex in homine
I know Obama was heaven-sent
But ever since Trump won, it proved that I could be president
Yeah, you can, at what cost though?
Don't that go against the teachings that Ye taught for?
Yo, Tip, I hear your side and everybody talk though
But ain't goin' against the grain everything I fought for?
Prolly so, Ye, but where you tryna go with this?
It's some shit you just don't align with and don't go against
You just readin' the headlines, you don't see the fine print
You on some choosin'-side shit, I'm on some unified shit
It's bigger than your selfish agenda
If your election ain't gon' stop police from murderin' niggas
Then shit…
Bruh, I never ever stopped fightin' for the people
Actually, wearin' the hat'll show people that we equal
You gotta see the vantage point of the people
What makes you feel equal makes them feel evil
See that's the problem with this damn nation
All Blacks gotta be Democrats, man
We ain't made it off the plantation
Fuck who you choose as your political party
You representin' dudes just seem crude and cold-hearted
With blatant disregard for the people who put you in position
Don't you feel an obligation to them?
I feel a obligation to show people new ideas
And if you wanna hear 'em, there go two right here
Make America Great Again had a negative perception
I took it, wore it, rocked it, gave it a new direction
Added empathy, care and love and affection
And y'all simply questionin' my methods
What you willin' to lose for the point to be proved?
This shit is stubborn, selfish, bullheaded, even for you
You wore a dusty-ass hat to represent the same views
As white supremacy, man, we expect better from you
All them times you sounded crazy, we defended you, homie
Not just to be let down when we depend on you, homie
That's why it's important to know what direction you're goin' now
'Cause everything that you built can be destroyed and torn down
You think I ain't concerned about how I affect the past?
I mean, that hat stayed in my closet like 'bout a year and a half
Then one day I was like, "Fuck it, I'ma do me."
I was in the sunken place and then I found the new me
Not worried about some image that I gotta keep up
Lot of people agree with me, but they're too scared to speak up
The greater good of the people is first
Have you considered all the damage and the people you hurt?
You had a bad idea and you're makin' it worse
This shit's just as bad as Catholic preachers rapin' in church
Y'all been leadin' with hate, see I just approach it different
Like a gang truce, the first Blood to shake the Crip's hand
I know everybody emotional
Is it better if I rap about crack? Huh? 'Cause it's cultural?
Or how about I'ma shoot you? Or fuck your bitch?
Or how about all this Gucci, 'cause I'm fuckin' rich?
You'll deal with God for the lack of respect
Startin' to make it seem like Donnie cut you a check
Now you toyin' with hot lava, better be careful with that
What's it mean to gain the world if you ain't standin' for shit?
Okay I gotta say it, Ye, you sound high as a bigot
Yeah, genocide and slavery, we should just try and forget
And all that free thought shit, find a better defense
But if Ye just stuck in his way, he can leave it at that
Fuck it
Alright, Tip, we could be rappin' about this all day, man
Why don't we just cut the beat off and let the people talk?
It feels so good, it should cost
Bought a alligator, I ain't talkin' Lacoste
Made me say, "Ugh, uh"
Like a mix of Master P and Rick Ross, uh-uh
She seem to make me always feel like a boss, uh-uh
She said I'm in the wrong hole, I said I'm lost, uh-uh
She said I'm goin' too fast, I'm exhausted
Now drop to your knees for the offerin'
This the theme song of something wrong
Might need an intervention for this new dimension
That's too new to mention, or fit in a sentence
If I get locked up, I won't finish the sent—
(Laughter)
(Diamonds are forever forever forever)
Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe
(Diamonds are forever forever forever)
The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme
(Forever ever? Forever ever? Ever ever?
Ever ever? Ever ever? Ever ever? Ever ever?)
Good mornin', this ain't Vietnam still
People lose hands, legs, arms, for real
Little was known of Sierra Leone
And how it connect to the diamonds we own
When I speak of diamonds in this song
I ain't talkin' about the ones that be glowin'
I'm talkin' about Roc-a-Fella, my home
My chain, these ain't conflict diamonds
Is they, Jacob? Don't lie to me, man
See, a part of me sayin' keep shinin'
How when I know what a blood diamond is?
Though it's thousands of miles away
Sierra Leone connects to what we go through today
Over here it's a drug trade, we die from drugs
Over there they die from what we buy from drugs
The diamonds, the chains, the bracelets, the charmses
I thought my Jesus piece was so harmless
'Til I seen a picture of a shorty armless
And here's the conflict
It's in a black person soul to rock that gold
Spend your whole life tryin' to get that ice
On a Polo rugby, it looks so nice
How can somethin' so wrong make me feel so right?
Right? 'Fore I beat myself up like Ike
You can still throw your Roc-a-Fella diamond tonight, 'cause
(Diamonds are forever forever forever)
Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe
Diamonds are forever forever forever
The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme
(Forever ever? Forever ever? Ever ever?
Ever ever? Ever ever? Ever ever? Ever ever?)
People askin' me is I'm gon' give my chain back
That'll be the same day I give the game back
You know the next question, dawg, "Yo, where Dame at?"
This track the Indian dance that bring our rain back
"What's up with you and Jay, man? Are y'all okay, man?"
I've been waiting on this my whole life
(And I wonder)
These dreams be waking me up at night
(And I wonder)
You say I think I'm never wrong
(And I wonder)
You know what? Maybe you're right
A'ight?
You say he get on your fucking nerves
(And I wonder)
You hope that he get what he deserves, word
(And I wonder)
Do you even remember what the issue is?
You just trying to find where the tissue is
You can still be who you wish you is
It ain't happen yet
And that's what intuition is
(And I wonder)
When you hop back in the car
Drive back to the crib
Run back to their arms
The smokescreens
The chokes and the screams
You ever wonder what it all really means?
And I'm back on my grind
A psychic read my lifeline
Told me in my lifetime
My name would help light up the Chicago skyline
And that's why I'm
(And I wonder)
Seven o'clock, that's primetime
Heaven'll watch, God calling from the hotlines
Why he keep giving me hot lines?
I'm a star, how could I not shine?
(And I wonder)
How many ladies in the house?
(If you know)
How many ladies in the house without a spouse?
(What it means)
Something in your blouse got me feeling so aroused
(What it means)
What you about?
(And I wonder)
On that independent shit
(If you know)
Trade it all for a husband and some kids
(What it means)
You ever wonder what it all really mean?
(To find your dreams come true)
You wonder if you'll ever find your dreams?
K-K-K-K-K-K-Mac
You know what, yo? You a bitch
You should have a travel agent, ‘cause you a trip
You should make your own toilet tissue since you the shit
But all you got is some fuckin' issues, you fuckin' bitch
I hate niggas, but I love your mom
Give her a kiss for me, her second son
Get your mind right, baby, or get your shit together
You gonna be hot a little while, I'ma be rich forever
Girl seducers, they come in deuces
But when I cut 'em off they always become a nuisance
Niggas take my old flows and they take my old swag
He just took my old bitch and turned it to his new bitch (Haha)
I'm stupid, but I won't get my drama on
What I'm dealin' with is too real for me to comment on
Jay finally got it through my head not to run my mouth
So when you talk 'bout “you know who”
I don't know who you talkin' 'bout
Wake up Mr. West - Mr. West - Mr. West...
Uh, yea, uh, yea, uh, yea
And I heard 'em say, nothing's ever promised tomorrow today
From the Chi, like Tim it's a harder way
So this is in the name of love like Robert say
Before you ask me to go get a job today
Can I at least get a raise of the minimum wage?
And I know that the government administer AIDS
So I guess we just pray like the minister say
Allāhu Akbar and throw in some hot cars
Things we see on the screen that's not ours
But these niggas from the hood so these dreams not far
Where I'm from the dope boys is the rock stars
But they can't cop cars without seeing cop cars
I guess they want us all behind bars - I know it
Uh, and I heard 'em say (Ooh), nothing's ever promised tomorrow today
And I heard 'em say
Nothing's ever promised tomorrow today (Nothing's ever promised tomorrow today)
But we'll a find a way
And nothing last forever but be honest babe
It hurts but it may be the only way
They say people in your life are seasons
And anything that happen is for a reason
And niggas gun clapping and keep to squeezing
And Gran keep praying and keep believing
In Jesus, and one day that you see him
'Til then walk in his footsteps and try to be him
The devil is alive I feel him breathin
Claiming money is the key, so keep on dreamin
And put them lottery tickets just to tease us
My Aunt Pam can't put them cigarettes down
So now my little cousin smokin' them cigarettes now
His job try to claim that he too niggerish now
Is it 'cause his skin blacker than licorice now?
I can't figure it out, I'm sick of it now
Uh, and I heard 'em say (Ooh), nothing's ever promised tomorrow today
And I heard 'em say
Nothing's ever promised tomorrow today (Nothing's ever promised tomorrow today)
But we'll a find a way
And nothing last forever but be honest babe
It hurts but it may be the only way
Uh, yea, uh, yea, uh, yea
Yo, Pi'erre, yo, Pi'erre
"How you get so much favor on your side?"
"Accept Him as your Lord and Saviour," I replied
Thou shalt love thy neighbor, not divide
I'ma ride, that's on God
His light shine the brightest in the dark
Single mothers know they got my heart
And all my brothers locked up on the yard
You can still be anything you wanna be
Went from one in four to one in three
Thirteenth amendment, gotta end it, that's on me
He the new commander and the chief
That's on Keef, that's on God
Before the ranch, I had horses in the garage
When the Forbes cover was just a mirage
They had me chasin' statues, that's on pride
"Oh my God," Bust said that's on Tribe
When I thought the Book of Job was a job
The Devil had my soul, I can't lie
Life gon' have some lows and some highs
Before the Grammy's ever gave a nod
I wore my heart on my sleeve, I couldn't hide
In '03, they told me not to drive
I bleached my hair for every time I could've died
But I survived, that's on God
I've been tellin' y'all since '05
The greatest artist restin' or alive
That's on L.A. Reid, that's on Clive
That's no Jive, that's on God
Off the 350s He supplied
The IRS want they fifty plus our tithe
Man, that's over half of the pie
I felt dry, that's on God
That's why I charge the prices that I charge
I can't be out here dancin' with the stars
No, I cannot let my family starve
I go hard, that's on God
(Yo Pi'erre, you wanna come out here?)
Okay, okay, okay, okay
You lost, son, and you've been tryna find your way to me
Ayy, to me, he's on somethin' that I hate to see
A to Z, nah son, I'm gonna take a breathe
Run a 'thon, I just stop and I'ma take the breathe
...on a...
...on a...
First, light the weed
First...
First... (Got me by a string)
First... (Got me by a string)
First... (Got me by a string)
(Oh, Lord)
(La, la, la, la)
(La, la, la)
Breathe on a song
(La, la, la)
Breathe on a song
(La, la, la, la, la, la)
Breathe on a song
(Cut me loose)
(La, la, la)
(La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la)
(Cut me loose, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
But at some point, you come to your senses
We the cause of all the commotion
Your mouth running, but where is you going?
What is you smoking, man? That ain't potent
What is you talking, man? That ain't important
Illuminati, High society
We in this party and nobody invited me
We going crazy and I always use my best sense
But it don't matter cause I stay on my fresh prince
Maxin', relaxin, shootin' some pool and
Playing some b-ball outside of the school and
Girls with they top off outside of the pool and
Whips with the drop off outside of the Louvre
You just look stupid to be ignoring
The Delorean parked in front of Armani emporium
And parties at Richie is getting risky
Victoria's Secret show, they miss me
Voices in my head, I need choices in my bed
AHHHHH, get out my fucking head
It's just me and my bad bitch
So you can say I'm on my Brad Pitt
Back to the la familia I'm aligned with
Before I betray them I slit my wrists
At the top is just us nigga
Cause I don't really trust niggas
And we made it through the hurricane
So celebrate and light the Mary Jane
We gon' make it, that's on everything
Truest girls get half naked, every spring
They saying, "Hey Kanye
We need you to go deeper than Tay Zonday,"
Cause my verses got pain, Chocolate Rain
So many lines, you photograph and it make arms break
On the radio, man I miss myself
I need to just step back and kiss myself
Baby, just step up and kiss the belt
A little lower.. that's what's up
Somebody pour her another cup
Is it too much to ask you keep your diamonds up?
I swear until my time is up
My style is sex in the shower, fresh as fuck
I treat the label like money from my shows
G.O.O.D. woulda been G.O.D. except I added more O's
If I knew she was cheating and still bought her more clothes
It's cause I was too busy with my Baltimore, you know
Some people call that the art of war, you know
I guess it depends what you falling for, the clothes?
Cars, money, girls and the clothes
Aww money, you sold your soul
Nah man, mad people was fronting
Goddamn, we made something from nothing
Grrrat-gat (I can still feel the love)
Gat-gat, gat, ga-ga-ga-ga-gat
Grrrat, gat-gat-gat (I can still feel the love)
Gat-gat-gat-gat-gat-gat-gat, grrrat
Gat-gat-gat-gat (Feel the love)
Ga-ga-gat, ga-gat, ga-gat, ga-gat-gat, grrrat-gat
Ba-ba-ba-ba
Brrrat-dat-da-da-da, da
Ga-ga-ga-ga
Brrr-ah-da-da-da, brrr-ah-da-da-da
Brrr-ah-da-da-da, brrr-ah-da-da-da
Brrr-ah-rrr-ah, brrr-ah-gat-gat-ga
Rude-rude-rude-rude-woo!
Where the chorus?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh-oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh-oh, oh, oh
Use this gospel for protection
It's a hard road to Heaven
We call on Your blessings
In the Father, we put our faith
King of the kingdom
Our demons are tremblin'
Holy angels defendin'
In the Father, we put our faith
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh-oh, oh, oh
Use this gospel for protection
It's a hard road to Heaven
We call on Your blessings
In the Father, we put our faith
King of the kingdom
Our demons are tremblin'
Holy angels defendin'
In the Father, we put our faith
Oh, oh, oh (Work, work, work, work)
Oh, oh, oh (Work, work, work, work)
Oh, oh, oh (Work, work, work, work)
Oh-oh, oh, oh (Work, work, work, work)
Oh, oh, oh (Work, work, work, work)
Oh, oh, oh (Work, work, work, work)
Oh, oh, oh (Work, work, work, work)
Oh-oh, oh, oh (Work, work, work, work)
Lollipop, lollipop, breastses just like Dolly Parton
She ride my spaceship 'til she hit the top
That hit the spot, 'til she ask
"How many li-i-li-i-licks do it take 'til she get to shop?"
Don't worry why my wrists got so freeze
Tell her, "Girl, like Doritos, that's not yo cheese"
Tell her friends, "Like Fritos, I'm tryin' to lay"
I can't only have one and I ain't tryin' to wait
This a song with Wayne, so you know it's gonna melt
But you ain't finna murder me like everybody else
I'ma rap like I got some type of respect for myself
I don't do it for my health, man, I do it for the belt
Man, I do it to the death, 'til the roof get melt
Hundred degrees, drop the roof, so the coupe don't melt
Man, the flow so cold chicken soup won't help
We need fo' mo' hoes, we need oh-oh-oh-oh!
You know what it is when we're outta town
We ball in two-seats, and you out of bounds
So come here, baby girl
You're now fuckin' with the best in the world
Lollipop, the best in the world
I think I got mixed personalities
This bitch switched up my whole mentality
This girl, she got mixed personalities
One day she's happy, then she mad at me
Oh, now, I got mixed personalities
She got me stressin', singin' melodies
For her, I swear I'd catch a felony
Oh, Penelope
Say you want someone
Say you want someone
Said you want someone
Said you want someone
I think I got mixed personalities
This bitch switched up my whole mentality
This girl, she got mixed personalities
One day she's happy, then she's mad at me
I think I got mixed personalities
This bitch switched up my whole mentality
This girl, she got mixed personalities
One day she's happy, then she mad at me
"Ladies and gentlemen
Let's put our hands together for this dynasty!
H to the Izz-O, V to the Izz-A
Welcome ladies and gentlemen
To the 8th wonder of the world!
The flow of the century, always timeless: HOV!
Thanks for coming out tonight
You could've been anywhere in the world
But you're here with me, I appreciate that, ah"
H to the Izz-O, V to the Izz-A
For shizzle, my nizzle, used to dribble down in VA
Was herbing 'em in the home of the Terrapins
Got it dirt cheap for them
Plus if they was short with cheese I would work with them
Brought in weed, got rid of that dirt for them
Wasn't-born-hustlers, I was birthing 'em
H to the Izz-O, V to the Izz-A
For sheezy, my neezy, keep my arms so breezy
Can't leave rap alone, the game needs me
Haters want me clapped in chrome, it ain't easy
Cops want to knock me, D.A. wants to box me in
But somehow I beat them charges like Rocky
H to the Izz-O, V to the Izz-A
Not guilty, he who does not feel me
Is not real to me, therefore he doesn't exist
So poof! —Vamoose, son of a bitch!
H to the Izz-O, V to the Izz-A
For shizzle, my nizzle, used to dribble down in VA
H to the Izz-O, V to the Izz-A
That's the anthem, get'cha damn hands up!
H to the Izz-O, V to the Izz-A
Not guilty, y'all got to feel me
H to the Izz-O, V to the Izz-A
That's the anthem, get'cha damn hands up!
I do this for my culture, to let them know
What a nigga look like when a nigga in a roaster
Show them how to move in a room full of vultures
Industry is shady, it needs to be taken over
Label owners hate me, I'm raising the status quo up
I'm overcharging niggas for what they did to the Cold Crush
Pay us like you owe us for all the years that you hoed us
We can talk, but money talks, so talk mo' bucks
H to the Izz-O, V to the Izz-A
For shizzle, my nizzle, used to dribble down in VA
H to the Izz-O, V to the Izz-A
That's the anthem, get'cha damn hands up!
H to the Izz-O, V to the Izz-A
Not guilty, y'all got to feel me
H to the Izz-O, V to the Izz-A
That's the anthem, get'cha damn hands up!
Hov is back, life stories told through rap
Niggas acting like I sold you crack
Like I told you sell drugs, no, Hov did that
So hopefully you won't have to go through that
I was raised in the projects, roaches and rats
Smokers out back sellin' their mama's sofa
Lookouts on the corner focused on the ave
Ladies in the window, focused on the kinfolk
Me under a lamppost, why I got my hand closed?
Crack's in my palm, watching the long arm of the law
So you know I seen it all before
I've seen Hoop Dreams deflate like a true fiend's weight
To try and to fail: the two things I hate
Succeed and this rap game: the two things that's great
H to the Izz-O, V to the Izz-A
What else can I say about dude? I gets bu-sy
H to the Izz-O, V to the Izz-A
For shizzle, my nizzle, used to dribble down in VA
H to the Izz-O, V to the Izz-A
That's the anthem, get'cha damn hands up!
H to the Izz-O, V to the Izz-A
Not guilty, y'all got to feel me
H to the Izz-O, V to the Izz-A
That's the anthem, get'cha damn hands up!
H to the Izz-O, V to the Izz-A
H to the Izz-O, V to the Izz-A
H to the Izz-O, V to the Izz-A
H to the Izz-O, V to the Izz-A
H to the Izz-O, V to the Izz-A
H to the Izz-O, V to the Izz-A
Did you realize
That you were a champion in their eyes?
Yes, I did
So I packed it up and brought it back to the crib
Just a little something, show you how we live
Everybody want it but it ain't that serious
Mhm, that's that shit
So if you gon' do it, do it just like this
Did you realize
That you were a champion in their eyes?
You don't see just how wild the crowd is
You don't see just how fly my style is
I don't see why I need a stylist
When I shop so much I can speak Italian
I don't know, I just want it better for my kids
And I ain't sayin' we was from the projects
But every time I wanted layaway or a deposit
My dad'd say "when you see clothes, close your eyelids"
We was sort of like Will Smith and his son
In the movie, I ain't talkin' 'bout the rich ones
Cause every summer, he'd get some
Brand new harebrained scheme to get rich from
And I don't know what he did for dough
But he'd send me back to school with a new wardrobe
Did you realize
That you were a champion in their eyes?
I think he did
When he packed it up and brought it back to the crib
Just a little somethin', show you how we live
Everything I wanted, man it seem so serious
Mhm, that's that shit
So if you gon' do it, do it just like this
Did you realize
That you were a champion in their eyes?
When it feel like living's harder than dyin'
For me givin' up's way harder than tryin'
Lauryn Hill said her heart was in Zion
I wish her heart still was in rhymin'
'Cause who the kids gon' listen to, huh?
I guess me if it isn't you
Last week I paid a visit to the institute
They got the dropout keepin' kids in the school
I guess I cleaned up my act like Prince'd do
If not for pleasure, then at least for the principle
They got the CD, they got to see me
Drop gems like I dropped out of PE
They used to feel invisible
Now they know they invincible
Did you realize
That you were a champion in their eyes?
This is the story of a champion
Runners on their mark and they pop their guns
Stand up, stand up, here he comes
Tell me what it takes to be number one
Tell me what it takes to be number one
This is the story of a champion
Runners on their mark and they pop their guns
Stand up, stand up, here he comes
Tell me what it takes to be number one
Tell me what it takes to be number one
Did you realize
That you were a champion in their eyes?
Yes I did
So I packed it up and brought it back to the crib
Just a little somethin', show you how we live
Everybody want it, but it ain't that serious
Mhm, that's that shit
So if you gon' do it, do it just like this... like this
Did you realize
That you were a champion in their eyes?
Watch out for me, I'm bound to glow
You better watch out for me, I'm bound to glow
Your boy all glowed up
Every time we touch down, bet it go up
'Member doin' shows, ain't nobody show up
Pour your heart out, ain't nobody show love
They used to laugh when my whip was on the tow truck
'Til me and bein' broke finally broke up
Time to shake the dice, time to change the li-i-ight
No more 9 to 5, autopilot dri-i-ive
Used to work the fries, now we supersi-i-ize
We go suit and tie, we gon' touch the sky-y-y
We so certified, we so certifi-i-ied
Fuck you haters still, that's an F-Y-I-I-I
They gon' bang this here all summerti-i-ime
Yeah, yeah
Turn me way up, my voice is really low
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, okay
(Watch out) Watch out
Why, nigga? (The cops out) Cops out
(It's all love when I ride top down) Top down
I started out way down low
Started from the bottom, now we here now
We about to get the whole nine
The whole nine, we just landed on a gold mine
We the new Abu Dhabi, this is our time
Hope I deal with karma 'fore my son do
'Cause I be drivin' round this bih with no sunroof
Man, the glow got me feelin' like I'm gunproof
Watch out for me, I'm bound to glow
Well, it took me long enough to rap on this strong enough
Paid this shit just gon' give up, 'cause Ye just gon' live up
To everything that sucks to you and that's never enough
Thought I'd be clever enough to give up while I'm ahead
I like breakfast in bed, but I love breakfast and head
For anybody who said that I was better off dead
Told 'em, "Don't ever believe nothin' that you ever read"
Got a Bible by my bed, oh yes, I'm very Christian
Constantly repentin', 'cause, yes, I never listen
Don't like bein' questioned and don't like bein' less than
Any a competition in any of my professions
So I gotta guess then, I gotta stay the best man
What else you expect from, uh, Mr. West, man
Painting from Wes Lang, hung in my space like a relative
That you ain't seen in a minute, called on the telephone
And when they see you they say, “Damn you got hella grown
Always thought you'd make it, but damn now you hella known"
Let's address some topics that I can embellish on
How we made enough bread for us to put some relish on
I won't relish on the fact I'm vibin' on the future
Ultralight buildin' in the buildin' by Miuccia
Herzog and de Meuron in an office out in Basel
No not Miami, Switzerland (Switzerland, ahahaha)
Damn, here we go again
Common passed on this beat, I made it to a jam
Now everything I'm not made me everything I am
Damn, here we go again
People talking shit, but when the shit hit the fan
Everything I'm not made me everything I am
I'll never be picture-perfect Beyoncé
Be light as Al B or black as Chauncey
Remember him from Blackstreet? He was black as the street was
I'll never be laid back as this beat was
I never could see why people'll reach a
Fake-ass facade that they couldn't keep up
You see how I creeped up?
You see how I played a big role in Chicago like Queen Latifah?
I'll never rock a mink coat in the winter time like Killa Cam
Or rock some mink boots in the summertime like will.i.am
Let me know if you feel it, man
'Cause everything I'm not made me everything I am
Damn, here we go again
Everybody saying what's not for him
But everything I'm not made me everything I am
Damn, here we go again
People talking shit, but when the shit hit the fan
Everything I'm not made me everything I am
And I'm back to tear it up
Haters start your engines, I hear 'em gearing up
People talk so much shit about me at barbershops
They forget to get their hair cut
Okay, fair enough, the streets is flaring up
'Cause they want gun talk, or I don't wear enough
Baggy clothes, Reeboks, or A-di-dos
Can I add that he do spaz out at his shows
So say goodbye to the NAACP Award
Goodbye to the India Arie Award
They'd rather give me the N-nigga Please Award
But I'll just take the I Got a Lot of Cheese Award
Damn, here we go again
Bum-tu-bum-bum-bum
But everything I'm not made me everything I am
Damn, here we go again
People talking shit, but when the shit hit the fan
Everything I'm not made me everything I am
I know people wouldn't usually rap this
But I got the facts to back this
Just last year, Chicago had over 600 caskets
Man, killing's some wack shit
Oh, I forgot, 'cept for when niggas is rappin'
Do you know what it feel like when people is passin'?
He got changed over his chains a block off Ashland
I need to talk to somebody, pastor
The church want tithe, so I can't afford to pay
Pink slip on my door, 'cause I can't afford to stay
My fifteen seconds up, but I got more to say
That's enough Mr. West, please, no more today
Damn, here we go again
Everybody saying what's not for him
But everything I'm not made me everything I am
Damn, here we go again
People talking shit, but when the shit hit the fan
Everything I'm not made me everything I am
And I’ll never let my son have an ego
He’ll be nice to everyone, wherever we go
I mean, I might even make him be Republican
So everybody know he love white people
And I’ll never let him leave his college girlfriend
And get caught up with the groupies in the whirlwind
And I’ll never let him ever hit the telethon
I mean, even if people dyin’ and the world ends
See, I just want him to have an easy life, not like Yeezy life
Just want him to be someone people like
Don’t want him to be hated all the time, judged
Don’t be like your daddy that'd never budge
And I’ll never let him ever hit a strip club
I learned the hard way, that ain’t the place to get love
And I’ll never let his mom move to LA
Knowin’ she couldn’t take the pressure now we all pray
More power to you, more power to you, my lovely one
More power to you, more power to you, my lonely one
More power to you, more power to you, my lovely one
What's up, bruh? That all depends
With friends like you, who need friends?
Sometimes the best advice is no advice
Especially when it's your advice
Oh! Man, remember
Your man was on stage dressed like a family member
Man, everything basic to Ye Guevara
That means Saint Laurent is my Zara
I remember Rochelle ain't wanna fuck me with the polo
Ayy, bitch, you missed out, #fomo
I got one child, one child
But I'm fuckin', fuckin', fuckin' like I'm tryna make four more
They wanna throw me under a white jail
'Cause I'm a black man with confidence of a white male
Hallelujah
I've been working this grave-shift
And I ain't made shit (Yeah, yeah)
I wish I could (Me too)
Buy me a spaceship and fly (Swear I do)
Past the sky, oh
GLC feel you, baby—I feel you, man
I've been working this grave-shift
And I ain't made shit
I wish I could
Buy me a spaceship and fly
Past the sky (Man, man, man...)
Oh, oh, oh
If my manager insults me again
I will be assaulting him
After I fuck the manager up
Then, I'm gonna shorten the register up
Let's go back, back to the Gap
Look at my check—wasn't no scratch
So if I stole, wasn't my fault
Yeah, I stole—never got caught
They take me to the back and pat me
Asking me about some khakis
But let some Black people walk in
I bet you they show off their token blackie
Oh, now they love Kanye
"Let's put him all in the front of the store"
So I'm on break
Next to the "No Smoking" sign with a blunt in the mall
Taking my hits, writing my hits
Writing my rhymes, playing my mind
This fucking job can't help him
So I quit; y'all welcome
Y'all don't know my struggle
Y'all can't match my hustle
You can't catch my hustle
You can't fathom my love, dude
Lock yourself in a room
Doing five beats a day for three summers
That's A Different World like Cree Summer's
I deserve to do these numbers
"The kid that made that deserves that Maybach!"
So many records in my basement
I'm just waitin' on my spaceship, blaow!
I've been working this grave-shift
And I ain't made shit
I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly
Past the sky, oh
I've been working this grave-shift
And I ain't made shit
I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly
Past the sky
Tryna tell you, man, way past the sky
Oh, oh (Let's go, ugh)
I've been working this grave-shift
Aww, man, this pressure
And I ain't made shit
I wish I could
Buy me a spaceship and fly
Past the sky, oh
I've been working this grave-shift
And I ain't made shit
I wish I could
Buy me a spaceship and fly
Past the sky
Oh, oh, oh
I've been working this grave-shift
And I ain't made shit
I wish I could
Buy me a spaceship and fly
Past the sky, oh
I've been working this grave-shift
And I ain't made shit
I wish I could
Buy me a spaceship and fly
Past the sky
Oh, oh, oh
Everybody want world peace
'Til your niece get shot in the dome-piece
Then you go and buy your own piece
Hopin' it'll help you find your own peace
Bring light to what they don't see
Auntie cryin' on the concrete
Talkin' to dispatcher then the phone beep
On the other line was the homies
Told her that you ain't comin' home, see
When she heard the news it hurt her bone-deep
Caught with the rifle with the long reach
Just another cycle of the lonely
All growin' up in environment
Where doin' crime the requirement
They send us off to prison for retirement
Hopefully Alice Johnson will inspire men
Both sides lose somebody
Hmm-mm-mm, woah, woah
Save me, Lord
Somebody dies, somebody goes to jail
Hmm-mm-mm, woah, woah
Stay strong
Light on me, save me, please
Hmm-mm-mm, woah, woah
Stay strong
Lord, shine your light on me, save me, please
Hmm-mm-mm, woah, woah
Stay strong
Shine your light on me, save me, please
Hmm-mm-mm, woah, woah
Save me, Lord
Shine your light on me
Hmm-mm-mm, woah, woah
Stay strong
Niggas talkin' shit, Push—how do you respond?
Poop, scoop!
Whoop! Whoopty-whoop!
Am I too complex for ComplexCon?
Everything Ye say cause a new debate
"You see, he been out of touch, he cannot relate
His hallway too long, bitch too bad
Got a surrogate, his kid get two dads"
I be thinkin', "What would 2Pac do?"
You be thinkin' what New Kids on the Block do
If you ain't drivin' while Black, do they stop you?
Will MAGA hats let me slide like a drive-thru?
That phone call from Ricky still hazy
When heaven got an angel named Avery
You gotta watch who you callin' crazy
Yeezy, the newest billion-dollar baby
It won't feel right 'til I feel like Phil Knight
Goin' for six rings like what Phil told Mike
Seven pill nights, who know what that feel like?
No more hidin' the scars, I show 'em like Seal, right?
How do you respond?
Wished I had told ooh was (the) only one (uh oh!)
But it's too late, it's too late he's gone
You sweat her and I ain't talkin 'bout a Coogi
You a Big L and I ain't talkin 'bout Cool J
See me at the airport, at least twenty Louis
Treat me like the Prince and this my sweet brother Numpsay
(Brother Numpsay!) groupies say I'm too choosy
Take em to the show and talk all through the movies
Says she want diamonds, I took her to Ruby Tuesdays
If we up in Fridays, I still have it my way
Y'all don't want no prob' from me
What you rappers could get is a job from me
Maybe you could be my intern and in turn
I'll show you how I cook up summer in the winter
Aaron love the raw dog, when will he learn
Caught something on the Usher tour, he had to let it burn
Plus he already got three children
Arguin' over babysitters like bitch it's yo turn
"Damn Ye it'd be stupid to diss you
Even your superficial raps is super-official"
R-R-R-Roc Pastelle with Gucci on
With TVs in the ride, throw a movie on
Said he couldn't rap now he at the top with Doobie Long
'Cause I dookied on any song that they threw me on, gone
Uh-uh-uh, uh-uh-uh uh uh onnn, uh uh-uh onnn
Uh-uh onnn, uh uh-uh
I'm ahead of my time, sometimes years out
So the powers that be won't let me get my ideas out
And that make me wanna get my advance out
And move to Oklahoma and just live at my aunt's house
Yeah, I romance the thought of leaving it all behind
Kanye step away from the lime
Light like when I was on the grind
In the 1-9-9-9
Before model chicks was bending over
Or dealerships asked me "Benz or Rover?"
Man, if I could just get one beat on Hova
We could get up off this cheap-ass sofa
What the summer of the Chi got to offer an eighteen-year-old?
Sell drugs or get a job, you gotta play your role
My dog worked at Taco Bell, hooked us up plural
Fired a week later, the manager count the churros
Sometimes I can't believe it when I look up in the mirro'
How we out in Europe, spending Euros
They claim you never know what you got 'til it's gone
I know I got it, I don't know what y'all on
I'ma open up a store for aspiring MCs
Won't sell 'em no dream, but the inspiration is free
But if they ever flip sides like Anakin
You'll sell everything including the mannequin
They got a new bitch, now you Jennifer Aniston
Hold on I'll handle it, don't start panickin', stay calm
Shorties at the door 'cause they need more
Inspiration for they life, they souls, and they songs
They said, "Sorry, Mr. West is gone"
(Yeah!)
How you feelin'? (Fine!)
You feel alright?
I'm so bossy, bitch, get off me
It's a different jingle when you hear these car keys
Your SL's missin' a S, nigga
Your plane's missin' a chef
The common theme, see they both got wings
If you fly, do it to death
It's only one God, and it's only one crown
So it's only one king that can stand on this mound
King Push, kingpin, overlord
Coast Guard come a hundred goin' overboard
I got money with the best of 'em
Go blow for blow with any Mexican
Don't let your side bitches settle in
Might have to headbutt your Evelyn
Ballers, I put numbers on the boards
Hard to get a handle on this double-edged sword
Whether rappin' or I'm rappin' to a whore
Might reach back and relapse to wrappin' up this raw
Givenchy fittin' like it's gym clothes
We really gymstars, I'm like D. Rose
No D-League, I'm like this close
'88 Jordan, leapin' from the free throw
Ballers, I put numbers on the boards
Ballers, I put numbers on the boards
Motherfuckers can't rhyme no more, 'bout crime no more
Mix drug and show money, Biggs Burke on tour
25 bricks, move work like chore
Hit Delaware twice, needed 25 more
I see flaw, cracks in your diamond
CB4 when you rhyme, Simple Simon
Come and meet the pieman, a must that I flaunt it
The legend grows legs when it comes back to haunt us
Ballers, I put numbers on the boards
Can't a bitch livin' say I bought her Michael Kors
Every car driven was decided by the horse
Keep the sticker in the window 'case you wonder what it cost
How could you relate when you ain't never been great?
And rely on rap money to keep food up on your plates, nigga?
I might sell a brick on my birthday
36 years of doin' dirt like it's Earth Day, God
Ballers, I put numbers on the boards
Oh, yeah...
I got the perfect song for the kids to sing...
And all my people that's—
If this is your first time hearing this
You are about to experience something so cold, man
We never had nothin' handed, took nothin' for granted
Took nothin' from no man, man, I'm my own man
But as a shorty, I looked up to the dope man
Only adult man I knew that wasn't broke, man
Flicking Starter coats, man—man, you don't know, man
We don't care what people say
This is for my niggas outside all winter
'Cause this summer they ain't finna say, "Next summer, I'm finna..."
Sitting in the hood like community colleges
This dope money here is Lil' Trey's scholarship
'Cause ain't no tuition for having no ambition
And ain't no loans for sitting your ass at home
So we forced to sell crack, rap, and get a job
You gotta do something, man, your ass is grown
This second verse is for my dogs working nine to five that still hustle
'Cause a nigga can't shine off $6.55
And everybody selling makeup, Jacob's
And bootlegged tapes just to get they cake up
We put shit on lay-away, then come back
We claim other people kids on our income tax
We take that money, cop work, then push packs to get paid
And we don't care what people say
Mama say she wanna move South
Scratching lottery tickets, eyes on a new house
'Round the same time, Doe ran up in dude house
Couldn't get a job
So since he couldn't get work, he figured he'd take work
The drug game bulimic, it's hard to get weight
So niggas' money is homo, it's hard to get straight
But we gon' keep bakin' 'til the day we get cake
And we don't care what people say, my niggas—
You know the kids gon' act a fool
When you stop the programs for after school
And they DCFS, some of 'em dyslexic
They favorite 50 Cent song "12 Questions"
We scream: "rocks, blow, weed, park," see, now we smart
We ain't retards the way teachers thought
Hold up, hold fast, we make more cash
Now, tell my mama I belong in that slow class
It's bad enough we on welfare
They tryna put me on the school bus with the space for the wheelchair
I'm tryna get the car with the chrome-y wheels here
They tryna cut our lights out like we don't live here
Look what was handed us, fathers abandoned us
When we get them hammers, go on, call the ambulance
Sometimes, I feel no one in this world understands us
But we don't care what people say, my niggas—
I'm Yeezy, she say "Hi, I'm Aria"
No, you a angel, you wave "Hi" to Aaliyah
I got a show in Korea, they built a new arena
Why don't you come and watch a nigga tear the whole scene up
I know I seen you before, but don't know where I seen ya
Oh I remember now, it's something that I dreamed of
Don C says she cool, but don't let her fuck your cream up
Monica Lewinsky on the dress, she'll take you to the cleaners
Sure enough, a week later, I'm in extra love
And everybody know she's mine so she extra plugged
Every bouncer, every club show her extra love
We just praying the new fame don't get the best of us
But all good things gotta come to a en-a
She let it go to her head, "No, not my Aria"
The height of her shopping was writer's blocking me
I couldn't get my shit out anyway, I hope you die, Aria
So much hate at the top, it's a lonely place
When you find out the opps ain't the only snakes
And your spouse only know what you don't erase
The world only know you by your worst mistakes
So spaz on they ass, that's the only way
Smash on the gas down Stony, ayy
Crash and come back with a swollen face
And when I'm on my way, X hold the gate
Terrorize shit, we don't negotiate
If you bitch-made, we don't associate
Show up at your birthday if you owe me cake
With a black mask, that's how we exfoliate
So pardon my way, my heart's in the way
I follow my thoughts, ain't no logic in Ye
Said that's all I'ma say, if he caught him a case
Then send him to jail, like a dog in a cage
I ain't feeling the age, no rottin' away
You're dark as the days, you caught in the way
'Cause coffins is laid under a tombstone
'Cause even when you die, they still throwin' rocks at your graves
So follow the wave, can't swallow the hate
My mind trumps anything that a scholar could say
Don't know how to behave, we rage out of the raves
Dislocate an arm, just pop it in place
'Cause the damned, they ain't it, all the pain and anguish
Turned me into a man, so I ain't complainin'
Now these things is changin', no more lames is hanging
No more fame in famous, ain't no shame in shamin'
She wanna give you the cookie, you Famous Amos
She gave you the pussy, but you ain't pay for the anus
Now your name is tainted, by the claims they paintin'
The defendant is guilty, no one blames the plaintiff
Gotta say it in Layman's terms, while you wait on arraignments
'Cause if the jury say you did it, the payment is heinous
Give me one minute, my lady just fainted
My babies is crying, you understand what I'm sayin'?
Let me know
Do I still got time to grow?
Things ain't always set in stone
That be known let me know
Seems like street lights, glowing, happen to be
Just like moments passing in front of me
So I hopped in the cab and I paid my fare
See I know my destination, I'm just not there
All these street lights, glowing, happen to be
Just like moments passing in front of me
So I hopped in the cab and I paid my fare
See I know my destination, I'm just not there
In these streets
In these streets
I'm just not there in these streets
I'm just not there
Life just ain't fair
Seems like street lights, glowing, happen to be
Just like moments passing in front of me
So I hopped in the cab and I paid my fare
See I know my destination, I'm just not there
All these street lights, glowing, happen to be
Just like moments passing in front of me
So I hopped in the cab and I paid my fare
See I know my destination, I'm just not there
In these streets
In these streets
I'm just not there in these streets
I'm just not there
Life just ain't fair
The good Lord gives
The good Lord taketh away
That's how it goes
I don't know what else to say
The good Lord gives
The good Lord taketh away
That's how it goes
Don't go live your life in vain
You want me to give you a testimony about my life
And how good he's been to me
I don't know what to tell you about him
I love him so much with all my heart and my soul
With every bone in my body I love him so much
Because he's done so much for me
Every morning
Every day of my life
I won't always be crying tears
In the middle of the night, and I won't always have to wake up
By myself wondering how I'm gonna get through the day
I won't always have to think about what I'm gonna do
And how I'm gonna, how I'm gonna make it
How I'm gonna get there, because he...
He's gonna be there for me
Some day the sky above will open up
And he will reach out his hand and guide me through
Oh yes he will
I won't always be crying these tears
I won't always be feeling so blue
Some day, he will open up the door for me
And call my name
Some day he will
I don't know if anybody understands what that feels like
No matter what you've been through
Or where you've been he's always there
With his arms open wide
Accepting me
For who I am
And I love him so much
I couldn't do it without him I wouldn't want to
I'm crying now
It feels so good to be free
To be accepted for who you are and loved no matter what
Oh lord thank you
You are the joy of my life
I'm the one, baby, yeah, I'm the one, baby
Since God gave his only begotten son, baby
It's hard preachin' the gospel to the slums lately
So I had to put the church on the drums, baby
You on a run, baby, you on a run, baby
You think you free but you a slave to the funds, baby
You think you me, but you ain't me, what you done lately?
Mhm that's cool but I been runnin' on the sun, baby
We on a galaxy the haters cannot visit
That's my reality so get off my Scott Disick
If you ever held a title belt, you would know how Michael felt
Tyson, Jackson, Jordan - Michael Phelps
Yeah, had to take it to another realm
Cause everything around me got me underwhelmed
Best way to describe my position is at the helm
Best way to describe my new whip - yeaaaalm!
How's your son? (all the things)
He made the team this year? (all, all, all the things things)
Aight, they said he wasn't tall enough
(...all all that glitters is not gold
And all gold is not reality
Real is what you lays on me)
Ma we here we gon' cook this Sunday ok?
That's a new girlfriend?
This is family business
And this is for the family that can't be with us
And this is for my cousin locked down, know the answer's in us
This why I spit it in my songs so sweet like a photo
Of your granny's picture, now that you're gone, it hit us
Super hard on Thanksgiving and Christmas, this can't be right
Yeah, you heard the track I did man, "This Can't Be Life"
Somebody please say grace so I can save face
And have a reason to cover my face
I even made you a plate, soul food, know how Granny do it
Monkey bread on the side, know how the family do it
When I brought it why the guard have to look all through it?
As kids, we used to laugh
Who knew that life would move this fast?
Who knew I'd have to look at you through a glass?
And look, you tell me you ain't did it then you ain't did it
And if you did, then that's family business
And I don't care 'bout
(all the diamond rings all the diamond rings)
They don't mean a thing (all, all, all the things)
All these fancy things
I tell you that all is my weight and gold
(all that glitters is not gold, now gold is not reality)
Now all I know I know all these things
(real is what you lease on me)
This is family business
And this is for everybody standing with us
Come on, let's take a family Grammy picture
Abi, remember when they ain't believe in me?
Now she like "See, that's my cousin on TV!"
Now, we gettin' it and we gon' make it
And they gon' hate it and I'm his favorite
I can't deny it, I'm a straight rider
But when we get together be electric slidin'
Grandma, get 'em shook up
Aw naw, don't open the photo book up
I got an Aunt Ruth that can't remember your name
But I bet them Polaroids'll send her down memory lane
You know that one auntie, you don't mean to be rude
But every holiday nobody eating her food
And you don't wanna stay there cause them your worst cousins
Got roaches at their crib like them your first cousins
Act like you ain't took a bath with your cousins
Fit 3 in the bed if it's 6 of y'all
I'm talkin' 'bout three by the head and three by the leg
But you ain't have to tell my girl I used to pee in the bed
Rain, rain, rain go away
Let the sun come out and all the children say
Rain, rain, rain go away
Let the sun come out and all the children say
I woke up early this morning with a new state of mind
A creative way to rhyme without using knives and guns
Keep your nose out the sky, keep your heart to God
And keep your face to the risin' sun
All my niggas from the Chi, that's my family, dog
And my niggas ain't my guys, they my family, dog
I feel like one day you'll understand me, dog
You can still love your man and be manly, dog
You ain't got to get heated at every house warmin'
Sittin' here, grillin' people like George Foreman
Why Uncle Ray and Aunt Shiela always performin'?
The second she storm out then he storm in
Y'all gon' sit down, have a good time this reunion
And drink some wine like Communion
And act like everything fine and if it isn't
We ain't letting everybody in our family business, uh
(All all all the diamond rings diamond rings)
They don't mean a thing (all, all, all the things)
They don't mean a thing (all, all, all the things)
(All all that glitters is not gold, now gold is not reality)
They don't mean a thing a thing
(All, all, all the things)
They don't mean a thing a thing a thing
I don't care what they don't mean a thing
(All, all, all the things) all these fancy things
I tell you that all is my weight and gold
All I know, I know all these things
All these things, all these things
All these things, all these things
CLK Mercedes Benz
All these things, all these things ...
All these things, all these things ...
All these things, all these things ...
A whole lotta money
All these things, all these things
All these things, all these things
All these things, all these things
Mommy and Daddy, will you please stop fighting?
All these things, all these things
All these things, (and I don't care why) all these things
All these things, all these things
All these things, all these things...
Let's get Stevie outta jail
Kanyeezy you did it again, you a genius nigga!
Lucifer, son of the morning! I'm gonna chase you out of Earth
(I'm from the murder capital, where we murder for capital)
Lucifer, son of the morning! I'm gonna chase you out of Earth
(So you need to change your attitude 'fore they asking what happened to you)
Lord forgive him, he got them dark forces in him
But he also got a righteous cause for sinning
Them-a-murder me, so I gotta murder them first
Emergency, doctors performing procedures
Jesus, I ain't trying to be facetious, but
"Vengeance is mine" sayeth the Lord, you said it better than all
Leave niggas on death's door, breathing on
Respirators for killing my best boy, haters
On permanent hiatus as I skate
In the Maybach Benz, flyer than Sanaa Lathan
Pumping "Brown Sugar" by D'Angelo
In Los Angeles, like an evangelist
I can introduce you to your maker
Bring you closer to nature, ashes after they cremate you bastards
Hope you been reading your psalms and chapters
Paying your tithe, being good Catholics, I'm coming
Lucifer, son of the morning! I'm gonna chase you out of Earth
(I'm from the murder capital, where we murder for capital)
Lucifer, son of the morning! I'm gonna chase you out of Earth
(So you need to change your attitude 'fore they asking what happened to you)
Yes, this is holy war, I wet y'all all with the holy water
Spray from the Heckler-Koch automatic
All the static, shall cease to exist
Like a sabbatical, I throw couple at you, take six!
Spread love, to all of my dead thugs
I pour out a little Louis, 'till I head above
Yessir, and when I perish, the meek shall inherit the Earth
'til that time, it's on and popping, church
Like Don Bishop, the fifth or palm cock either
Lift up your soul or give you the holy ghost
Please I leave you in somebody's cathedral for stunting like Evel Knievel
I let you see where that bright light lead you
The more you talk, the more you irking us
The more you gon' need memorial services
The Black Album, second verse, is like
Devil's pie, save some dessert for us
Man, I gotta get my soul right
I gotta get these devils out my life
These cowards gonna make a nigga ride
They won't be happy 'til somebody die
Oh man, I gotta get my soul right
'Fore I'm locked up for my whole life
Every time it seems it's alright
Somebody want they soul to rise
I chase you off of this Earth
(Let me get serious for y'all, one second)
I got dreams of holding a nine milla to Bob's killer
Asking him "why?" as my eyes fill up
These days I can't wake up with a dry pillow
Gone but not forgotten, homes I still feel ya
So, curse the day that birthed the bastard
Who caused your church mass, reverse the crash
Reverse the blast then reverse the car
Reverse the day and there you are, Bobalob
Lord forgive him, we all have sinned
But Bob's a good dude, please let him in
And if you feel in my heart that I long for revenge
Please blame it on the son of the morning, thanks again
There go another lawsuit
In court so much, man I should've went to law school
Everybody brawlin', it was all cool
'Til I hit the bartender with the barstool
I don't fuck with fake dudes wearin' fake Trues
I just talked to 2 Chainz and he said, "TRUUU!"
I feel like MJ, I'm in his shoes
I'm talkin' Montell Jordan, this is how we do
Bust a nigga head and then I lay low
These niggas ass-water, get the Drano
She ain't really bad, she a photo thot
I should hire this bitch, she so damn good at Photoshop
That Lexapro got me drowsy, then a heart attack
I think they finally think got me where they want me at
I got 700 emails in my inbox
What that mean? I ain't callin' nobody back
I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
What I had to do, had to run from you
I'm in love with you, but the vibe is wrong
And that haunted me, all the way home
So you never know, never, never know
Never know enough, 'til it's over love
'Til we lose control, system overload
Screaming, "No, no, no, n-nooo!"
I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
See I wanna move, but can't escape from you
So I keep it low, keep a secret code
So everybody else don't have to know
So keep your love lockdown—your love lockdown
Keeping your love lockdown—your love lockdown
Now keep your love lockdown—your love lockdown
Now keep your love lockdown—you lose
I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
I can't keep my cool, so I keep it true
I got something to lose, so I gotta move
I can't keep myself and still keep you too
So I keep in mind, when I'm on my own
Somewhere far from home, in the danger zone
How many times did I tell you 'fore it finally got through?
You lose, you lose
I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
See I had to go, see I had to move
No more wasting time, you can't wait for life
We're just racin' time, where's the finish line?
So keep your love lockdown—your love lockdown
Keeping your love lockdown—your love lockdown
Now keep your love lockdown—your love lockdown
Now keep your love lockdown—you lose
I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
I bet no one knew, I got no one new
Know I said I'm through, but got love for you
But I'm not loving you, the way I wanted to
Gotta keep it goin', keep the loving goin'
Keep it on the roll, only God knows
If I be with you, baby, I'm confused
You choose, you choose
I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
Where I wanna go, I don't need you
I've been down this road too many times before
I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
So keep your love lockdown—your love lockdown
Keeping your love lockdown—your love lockdown
Now keep your love lockdown—your love lockdown
Now keep your love lockdown—you lose
You lose, you lose
You lose, you lose
Lost and, beat up
Dancin', down there
I found you, somewhere out
'Round 'round there, right right there
Lost and beat up
Down there, dancin'
I found you, somewhere out
Right down there, right 'round there
Lost and, found now
Turned out, our new love
Daddy, found out
How you turned out, how you turned out
If mama knew now
How you turned out, you too wild
You too wild, you too wild
You too wild, I need you now
I do, love you
Found you, found you
Right now, right now
Right now, right now
If your mama, knew how
You turned out, you too wild
You too wild, you too wild
You too wild, and I need you now
Lost and found now
Lost and, beat up
Dancin', down there
I found you, somewhere out
'Round 'round there, right right there
Lost and beat up
Down there, dancin'
I found you, somewhere out
Right down there, right 'round there
A roaring lion, walketh about, seekin' whom he may devour
(Ronny J, please turn me up)
Take some, rain, nonstop, rain don't want war
Rain come, rain come
Come shine, come rain, come up
Southside, let it bang
Outside, let it rain
Rain down on a pain
Rain down on the slain
Rain down for my mom (Ooh)
Rain down on the farm (Ah)
Shower us with your love (Huh)
Wash us in the blood (Ooh)
Drop this for the thugs (Ah)
Know I grew up in the mud (Huh)
The top is not enough
Wash us in the blood (Ah)
Is there anybody here? Huh
Is there anybody here? Ooh
That can save no matter how much he player-hate? Hahaha
It was the blood that, ooh
It was the blood that, God
It was the blood that cleansed me, ha
It was the, ooh
Shower down on us (Ah)
Wash us in the blood (Huh)
Wash us in the blood (Ooh)
Whole life bein' thugs (Hah)
No choice, sellin' drugs (Huh)
Southside, what it does? (God)
Rain down on us (Ah)
Genocide what it does (Huh)
Slavery what it does (Ooh)
Rain down on us (Ah)
Whole life sellin' drugs (Huh)
Wash us in the blood (Ooh)
Wash us in Your blood (Ah)
Wash us in the blood (And as we live in this evil and crooked and jezebelic world)
Wash us in the blood
Wash us in the blood
Holy Spirit, come down (Come take)
Holy Spirit, come down (Come down)
Holy Spirit, help now (Way down)
Holy Spirit, help now (Uh, uh)
Holy Spirit, come down (Spirit)
Holy Spirit, come down (Ayy)
Holy Spirit, help now (Come down)
Holy Spirit, help now (Yeah)
Wash us in the blood (Blood)
Whole life bein' thugs (Hah)
No choice, sellin' drugs (Ooh)
Genocide what it does (Ah)
Mass incarc' what it does (Huh)
Cost a cause what it does (Ooh)
'Nother life bein' lost (Woah)
Let it off, set it off
Execution, thirty states (That's right)
Thirty states still execute (Ah)
Thou shall not kill, I shall not spill, Nextels at the rendezvous (Ooh)
We dodgin' time in the federal (Get 'em)
Squad box you in like a sectional
We walk through the glass and the residue (Ooh)
Now look what we headed to (Ah)
Rain down on us (Huh)
Rain down on us (Ooh)
Wash us in the blood (Hah)
Wash us in the blood (Huh)
Holy Spirit, come down (Ooh)
Holy Spirit, come down (Hah)
And they tryna control Ye (Huh)
They want me to calm down (Ooh)
They don't want me to Kanye
They don't want Kanye to be Kanye
They wanna sign a fake Kanye
They tryna sign a calm Ye
That's right, I call 'em Calm-Ye
But don't take me the wrong way (God)
But don't take me the wrong way (Hah)
'Cause God took me a long way (Huh)
They wanna edit the interviews (We)
They wanna take it to interludes (Me)
Cut a whole sentence to interlude (Together)
You know that it's fake if it's in the news (Ooh)
So I let it fly when I'm in the booth (Ah)
The devil a liar and I been the truth
Livin' 'cause nobody livin'
And nobody gettin' it, doin' it different (Ah)
Rain down on us (Huh)
Holy Spirit, come down (Ooh)
Holy Spirit, come down (Ah)
We need You now
Wash us in the blood (Ooh)
Whole life bein' thugs (Ah)
No choice, sellin' drugs (God)
Genocide what it does
Slavery what it does
It's amazing, I'm the reason
Everybody fired up this evening
I'm exhausted, barely breathing
Holding on to what I believe in
No matter what, you'll never take that from me
My reign is as far as your eyes can see, it's amazing
So amazing, so amazing, so amazing, it's amazing
So amazing, so amazing, so amazing, it's amazing
I'm a monster, I'm a killer
I know I'm wrong, yeah
I'm a problem
That'll never ever be solved
And no matter what, you'll never take that from me
My reign is as far as your eyes can see, it's amazing
So amazing, so amazing, so amazing, it's amazing
So amazing, so amazing, so amazing, it's amazing
I'm a monster, I'm a maven
I know this world is changing
Never gave in, never gave up
I'm the only thing I'm afraid of
No matter what, you'll never take that from me
My reign is as far as your eyes can see, it's amazing
So amazing, so amazing, so amazing, it's amazing
So amazing, so amazing, so amazing, it's amazing
So amazing, so amazing, so amazing, it's amazing
So amazing, so amazing, so amazing, it's amazing
So amazing, so amazing, so amazing, it's amazing
So amazing, so amazing, so amazing, it's amazing
So amazing, so amazing, so amazing, it's amazing
So amazing, so amazing, so amazing, it's amazing
Uh, hello, can I speak to, uh, uh
Yeah, you know who you are, look
You had no idea what ya dealing with
Something on some of this realest shit
Pop champagne, I'll give you a sip
'Bout to go dumb: how come?
Yeah, that's my bitch, that's my bitch
Sh-shorty right there? That's my bitch
That's my bitch
I paid for them titties, get your own
It ain't safe in the city, watch the throne
She say I care more about them basquions
Basquiats, she learning a new word, it's 'yacht'
Blew the world up as soon as I hit the club with her
Too Short called, told me I fell in love with her
Seat by actors, ball players and drug dealers
And some lesbians that never loved niggas
Twisted love story, True Romance
Mary Magdalene from a pole dance
I'm a freak, huh?! Rockstar life
The second girl with us, that's our wife
Hey, boys and girls, I got a new riddle
Who's the new old perv that's tryna play second fiddle?
No disrespect, I'm not tryna belittle
But my dick worth money, I put Monie in the middle
Where she at? In the middle
Uh-uh, I'm tryna catch the beat, uh
I'm tryna to catch the beat
I'm tryna to catch the beat, uh uh, uh
I'm tryna to catch the beat
N-now, th-th-throw your motherfuckin' hands
(Get 'em high)
All the girls pass the weed to yo' motherfuckin' man
(Get 'em high)
Now I ain't never tell you to put down your hands
(Keep 'em high)
And if you're losin' your high then smoke again
(Keep 'em high)
N-n-n-now, my flow
Is in the pocket like wallets, I got the bounce like hydraulics
I can't call it, I got the swerve like alcohol-ics
My freshman year I was going through hella problems
'Til I, built up the nerve to drop my ass up out of college
My teacher said I'se a loser, I told her "Why don't you kill me?"
I give a fuck if you fail me, I'm gonna fol-low my heart
And if you follow the charts, or the plaques or the stacks
You ain't gotta guess who's back, you see
I'm so Chi that you thought I was bashful
But this bastard's flow will bash your skull
And I will, cut your girl like Pastor Tro'
And I don't, usually smoke, but pass the 'dro
And I won't, give you that money that you askin' for
Why you think me and Dame cool? We assholes
That's why we hear your music in fast forward
'Cause we don't wanna hear that weak shit no mo'
N-now, th-th-throw your motherfuckin' hands
(Get 'em high)
All the girls pass the weed to your motherfuckin' man
(Get 'em high)
Now I ain't never tell you to put down your hands
(Keep 'em high)
And if you're losin' yo' high, then smoke again
(Keep 'em high)
("You've got mail!") N-n-n-n-n-now who the hell is this
E-mailing me at 11:26?
Telling me that she 36-26, plus double-d
You know how girls on Black Planet be when they get bubbly
At NYU but she hail from Kansas
Right now she just lampin', chillin' on campus
Sent me a picture with her feelin' on Candice
Who said her favorite rapper was the late great Francis
W-H-I-T, it's getting late mami
Your screen saver say tweet, so you got to "call me"
And bring a friend for my friend, his name Kweli
(You mean Talib? Lyrics sticks to your rib)
I mean (That's my favorite CD that I play at my crib)
I mean (You don't really know him, why is you lyin'?)
Yo Kwe, she don't believe me, please pick up the line
She gon' think that I'm lyin', just spit a couple of lines
Then maybe I'll be able to give her dick all the time
And get her high! Owww!
N-now, th-th-throw your motherfuckin' hands
(Get 'em high, yeah)
All the girls pass the weed to your motherfuckin' man
(Get 'em high, mm-mm, uh-uh)
Now I ain't never tell you to put down your hands
(Keep 'em high, keep 'em high, keep 'em high, uh-uh)
And if you're losin' your high then smoke again
(Keep 'em high)
Pullin' up in that new toy
The wrist on that boy rockstar like Pink Floyd
Waving at rude boy, I'm wavin' at you, boy
Ran off on the plug too like Trugoy
Imagine me do-boy, you could never do what I do, boy
Still, duckin' shit that I did, boy
Niggas in Paris 'fore Hit-Boy
These ain't the same type of hits, boy
Shit can get litter than lit, boy
You don't take these type of risks, boy
'Cause this boy been throwin' that D like Rich Boy
You missed, boy; ya numbers don't add up on the blow
That was ten years ago – if you know, you know (Yeah)
If you know, you know
If you know, you know
This thing of ours, oh, this thing of ours
A fraternity of drug dealers ringin' off
I just happen to be alumni
Too legit, they still lookin' at me with one eye
The company I keep is not corporate enough
Child Rebel Soldier, you ain't orphan enough
A rapper turned trapper can't morph into us
But a trapper turned rapper can morph into Puff
Dance contest for the smokers
I predict snow, Al Roker
(If you know, you know)
I only ever looked up to Sosa
You all get a bird, this nigga Oprah
Bricklayers in ball shorts
Coachin' from the side of the ball courts
(If you know, you know)
One stop like a Walmart
We got the tennis balls for the wrong sport
(If you know, you know)
If you know 'bout the carport
The trap door's supposed to be awkward
(If you know, you know)
That's the reason we ball for
Circle round twice for the encore
(If you know, you know)
You ever been hit with the water weight
Then had to weigh, "Do you war or wait?"
(If you know, you know)
When we all clickin' like Golden State
And you and your team are the motorcade
(If you know, you know)
Been grantin' wishes like a genie
Two bad hoes in two-piece bikinis
I've been hidin' where you can see me
The skybox is right next to RiRi's
Solely responsible for showin' rappers how to stand
On the front lines when trappers started throwin' bands
Where were you when Big Meech brought the tigers in?
'Cause I was busy earnin' stripes like a tiger's skin
Bricklayers in ball shorts
Coachin' from the side of the ball courts
(If you know, you know)
One stop like a Walmart
We got the tennis balls for the wrong sport
(If you know, you know)
If you know 'bout the carport
The trap door supposed to be awkward
(If you know, you know)
That's the reason we ball for
Circle 'round twice for the encore
(If you know, you know)
All the models to the floor right now
All the models to the floor right now, what, huh?
All the models to the floor right now
All the models to the floor right now, huh?
I’m in my Christian Dior with a Veronica Webb
Noemie Lenoir, Chanel, Sessilee Lopez
Arlenis Sosa, Selita Ebanks
Grew up on Mobb Deep and speak that Jourdan Dunn language
Make a phone call out to Joan Smalls
I wonder how it feel in Lara Stone's walls?
Jessica Gomes, y'all, I would damage her
And see if Jessica Stam got the stamina
I’m in the car with Leo and the Benz swerve
I heard Bar was friends with Esti Ginzburg
Coco Rocha, Kate Mimosa
Alessandra Ambrosio, Anja Rubik and Olga
Kurylenko, tell her I’m very single
Abbey Lee too, I’m a freak, boo
I’m wildin', I’m on a thousand
I wanna see Irina Shayk next to Doutzen
Christian Dior denim flow
I told her I’m tryin' to eat out, so what we goin' to dinner fo'?
All the models to the floor right now
All the models to the floor right now, what, huh?
All the models to the floor right now
All the models to the floor right now, huh?
Drive slow, homie
Drive slow, homie
You never know, homie, might meet some hoes, homie
You need to pump your brakes and drive slow, homie
My homie Mali used to stay at 79th and May
One of my best friends from back in the day
Down the street from Calumet, a school full of Stones
He nicknamed me K-Rock so they would leave me alone
Bulls jacket with his hat broke way off
And walked around the mall with his radio face off
Plus he had the spinner from his Daytons in his hand
Keys in his hand, reason again to let you know he's the man
Back when we rocked Ellesses, he had dreams of Caprices
Drove by the teachers, even more by polices
How'd he get the cash? The day his father passed away
Left him with a lil' somethin', sixteen, he was stuntin'
Al B. Sure! nigga with the hair all wavy
Hit Lake Shore, girls go all crazy
Hit the freeway, go at least 'bout eighty
Boned so much that summer, even had him a baby
See back-back then-then, if you had a car
You was the Chi-Town version of Baby
And I was just a virgin, a baby
One of the reasons I looked up to him crazy
I used to love to play my demo tape when the system yanked
Felt like I was almost signed when the shit got cranked
We'd take a Saturday and just circle the mall
They had they Lincolns and Auroras, we was hurtin' 'em all
With the girls a lot of flirtin' involved, but dog
Fuck all that flirtin' now I'm tryin' to get in some drawers
So put me on with these hoes, homie
He told me don't rush to get grown, drive slow, homie
Drive slow, homie
Drive slow
You never know, homie, about these hoes, homie
You need to pump your brakes and drive slow, homie
Turn your hazard lights on when you see them hoes
Drive slow, homie
If you're riding around the city with nowhere to go
Drive slow, homie
Live today, cause tomorrow, man, you never know
You never know, homie, might meet some hoes, homie
You need to pump your brakes and drive slow, homie
Yeah
Drive slow, homie
Drive slow, homie
You never know, homie, might meet some hoes, homie
You need to pump your brakes and drive slow, homie
Drive slow, homie
Yeah, that's all I can say
Thank you, thank you, thank you!
You're far too kind
Now, can I get a encore? Do you want more?
Cookin' raw with the Brooklyn boy
So for one last time I need y'all to roar
Now what the hell are you waitin' for?
After me, there shall be no more
So for one last time, nigga, make some noise!
Who you know fresher than Hov'? Riddle me that
The rest of y'all know where I'm lyrically at
Can't none of y'all mirror me back
Yeah, hearin' me rap is like hearin' G Rap in his prime
I'm Young H-O, rap's Grateful Dead
Back to take over the globe, now break bread
I'm in Boeing jets, Global Express
Out the country, but the blueberry still connect
On the low, but the yacht got a triple deck
But when you Young, what the fuck you expect? Yep, yep
Grand openin', grand closin'
Goddamn, your man Hov' cracked the can open again
Who you gon' find doper than him?
With no pen, just draw off inspiration
Soon you gonna see you can't replace him
With cheap imitations for these generations
Now, can I get an encore? Do you want more?
Cookin' raw with the Brooklyn boy
So for one last time I need y'all to roar
Now what the hell are you waitin' for?
(*Sighs*) Look what you made me do! Look what I made for you!
Knew if I paid my dues, how will they pay you
When you first come in the game, they try to play you
Then you drop a couple of hits, look how they wave to you
From Marcy to Madison Square
To the only thing that matters in just a matter of years (yeah)
As fate would have it, Jay's status appears
To be at an all-time high, perfect time to say goodbye
When I come back like Jordan
Wearin' the 4-5, it ain't to play games with you
It's to aim at you, probably maim you
If I owe you I'm blowin' you to smithereens
Cocksucker, take one for your team!
And I need you to remember one thing (one thing)
I came, I saw, I conquered
From record sales to sold-out concerts
So, motherfucker, if you want this encore
I need you to scream 'til your lungs get sore
Owww, it's star time
This man is mean, he's killin' all y'all jive turkeys
Do y'all want more of the Jigga man?
Well, if y'all want more of the Jigga man
Then I need y'all to help me bring him back to stage
Say "Hova!" – c'mon, say it!
C'mon, louder!
Yeah, now see that's what I'm talking about
They love you, Jigga! They love you, Jigga!
I like the way this one feel
It's so motherfuckin' soulful, man!
(Whoaaaaaahhhh, whoahhhhhhhhhhhhh, whoahhhhhhhhhhhhh)
So this here is the victory lap
Then I'm leavin', that's how you get me back
After a year of them 16's, it's 1.2
And that's 2.4, and I'm only doin' two
You wanted to gain attention, new dudes
I can get you BET – and TRL, too
You want to be in the public, send your budget
Well, fuck it, I ain't budgin'
Young did it to death, you gotta love it
Record companies told me I couldn't cut it
Now look at me: all star-studded
Golfer above par like I putted
All ‘cause the shit I uttered was utterly ridiculous
How sick is this?
You want to bang, send Kanye change
Send Just some dust, send Hip a grip
Then you gotta spit a little somethin' like this
(What the hell are you waiting forrrr?)
Mmm, ain't this some shit? Pulled up in the A-V-entador
And the doors, raise up like praise the Lord
Did the fashion show, and a tour, this the movie and the score
This a ghetto opera, Francis Foreign Car Coppola
I need a new crib to hold my plaques, Rick Ross had told me that
Said I be all up in Goldman Sachs, like these niggas tryna hold me back
These niggas tryna hold me back, I'm just tryna protect my stacks
Mitt Romney don't pay no tax, Mitt Romney don't pay no tax
Chi-Town 'til I'm on my back, Chi-Town 'til I'm on my back
Only nigga in Beverly Hills, where the hell is Axel Foley at?
"Ease up there, baby boy": Ving Rhames told Jody that
R. Kelly and the God of rap, shitting on you, holy crap
You just popped in the Kanye West
Get Right for the Summer workout tape
And ladies if you follow these instructions exactly
You might be able to pull you a rapper, a NBA player
Man, at least a dude with a car
So, first of all, we gonna work on the stomach
Nobody wants a little tight ass
1, and 2, and 3, and 4, and get them sit ups right, and
Tuck your tummy tight and do your crunches like this
Give head, stop, breathe, get up, check your weave
Don't drop the blunt and disrespect the weed
Pick up your son and don't disrespect your seed
It's a party tonight and ooh she's so excited
Tell me who's invited: you, your friends and my dick
(AH!) What's scary to me is
Henny makes girls look like Halle Berry to me
So excuse me miss, I forgot your name
Thank you, God bless you, good night I came, I came, I came
It's been a week without me
And she feel weak without me
She wanna talk it out but
Ain't nothing to talk about
Unless she's talking about freaking out
Then maybe we can work it out
Work it out, work it out
Work it out, work it out now
Maybe we can work it out
Oh, girl, your silhouette make me wanna light a cigarette
My name Kanye from the Jigga set, Twista said "Get It Wet"
Ooh girl your breath is harsh!
Cover your mouth up like you got SARS
Off them tracks yea I bought them cars
Still, kill a nigga on 16 bars
We ain't sweating to the oldies, we juking to a cold beat
Maybe one day girl we can bone
So you can brag to all your homies now
But I still mess with a big girl, if you ain't fit girl, I'll still hit girl
1 and, you brought 2 friends, ok, 3 more now hop in the Benz
4-door: do you know the difference between a 5, 6, 7, 8?
All the mocha lattes, you gotta do Pilates
You gotta pop this tape in before you start back dating
Hustlers, gangstas, all us ballas
It's been a week without me
And she feel weak without me
She wanna talk it out but
Ain't nothing to talk about
Unless she's talking about freaking out
Then maybe we can work it out
Work it out, work it out
Work it out, work it out now
Maybe we can work it out
Hi, my name is Jill, I just want to say thanks to Kanye's workout plan. I was able to pull a NBA player. And like now I shop every day on Rodeo Drive. I just want to say, thank you Kanye! Woooo! Woooo! Woooo!
My name is Lasandra, and I just want to say that ever since listening to Kanye's workout tape, I was able to get my phone bill paid, I got sounds and 13's put up in my Cavalier and I was able to get a free trip to Cancun. And what's most importantly is that I ain't gotta fuck with Ray-Ray's broke ass no mo'
Work it (mo')
Juke it (mo') Pump it (mo')
Chi-Town (mo') Let's go (mo')
My name is Ella-May from Mobile, Alabama, and I just want to say since listening to Kanye's workout tape, I been able to date outside the family, I got a double wide, and I rode a plane, rode a plane, rode a plane
Thanks to Kanye's workout plan
I'm the envy of all my friends
See I pulled me a baller man
And I ain't gotta work at the mall again
That's right, put in work, move your ass, go berserk
Eat your salad, no dessert, get that man you deserve
That's right, put in work
Move your ass, go berserk
Eat your salad, no dessert
Get that man you deserve (Stop!)
Just me and you, girl
Wooooaah ohhh
Just me and you, girl
Wooooaah ohhh
Trying to sneak upstairs to your apartment
Aren't you a sight for red eyes?
I just flew in and slipped in on your left side
Just a satin gown, you asleep with no make-up
I'm just tryna be inside you 'fore you wake up
Just me and you, girl
Wooooaah ohhh
Just me and you, girl
Wooooaah ohhh
We had problems but it's all in the past
Everybody got problems, baby, algebra class
Remember I used to do things that'd make you laugh
Like orderin' a girl drink in a masculine glass?
You like piña coladas, getting caught in the rain
Or rocking flannels all summer like Kurt Cobain
Or that Dolce Gabbana with a few gold chains
And you the type of girl that probably deserve a new last name
But, they never let us do our thing
Everybody lying on who I bang
We was on fire but they blew our flame
Ain't no denying, baby, you have changed
'Cause now your high heels clicking, your lip gloss glisten
Your hips start switching, you're pissed off, tripping
'Cause even when we're kissing, baby girl feel different
Friends all diss him like, "No he didn't?
No he didn't, is you talking about Kitten?
Is that bitch still stripping?
Trying to get a pair of Christians?"
I swear to God that they got you going crazy
But you play it off and say, "How is work, baby?"
Well, some of the models is too coked up to walk straight
But seem to still love the man that they all hate
But babe, I call you back and say that you say that always
And kept me on the phone and demanded they all wait
See, she knew about all my lies the whole time
And my credit's so bad I can't get no one to cosign
I would've thought she would've bust in the door cryin'
But she upped and left a nigga and she ain't give me no sign
Now, she back in the club in a tight dress
With dreams of someday wearing a white dress
Seen with some lame, it's a miracle that she'd
Talk to a nigga with a ten-year ago swag
Plus I don't like none of her girlfriends
Quote unquote, "'Cause her girlfriends got girlfriends"
On the phone, hollin' that "Niggas is whatever"
Let's fly to Euro and make this the best summer ever
Now she heading to Rome, Rome is the home
Rome is where she act like she ain't got no fucking phone
I accept that I was wrong, except a nigga grown
So I can't bitch and moan, in a session gettin' stoned
So a nigga had to hop on a plane
A bus and a train, to try to come and talk and explain
Rented the whole bottom floor for a candlelight dinner
Turned the lights out and put my candle right in her
And told her, "Even though I met you in a club in a tight dress
At first sight I could picture you in a white dress"
Thirty foot train, diamond from Lorraine
Just to make up for all the years and the pain
Family on both sides, I'm so glad you came
Aunty couldn't make it, oh no, that's a shame
Wedding in June, what could be better?
Let's fly to Euro, make this the best summer ever
Take the very last car of the Eurostar
Tell the conductor, "Just drive so far"
Told some of your friends and they wasn't excited
Well, we gon' tour the countryside and they won't be invited
We will not be disturbed by the fussin' and fighting
Tell Peaches light the herb 'cause we just reunited
Let's make a move from these herbs, go somewhere in private
I'm talking just me and you and the plane and the pilot, uh
Just me and you, girl
Wooooaah ohhh
Just me and you, girl
Wooooaah ohhh
Are you going to be, say that you're gonna be
Yes it will, it definitely will! You know what I told her?
I told her to "Drive over in your new whip
Bring some friends you cool with
I'mma bring the Cool Whip, then I want you to strip
See you is my new chick, so we get our grind on
She be grabbing, calling me Biggie, like Shyne home
Man I swear she fine homes, why she always lying though?
Telling me them diamonds, when she know they rhinestones
She got a light-skinned friend, look like Michael Jackson
Got a dark-skinned friend, look like Michael Jackson
I played Ready for the World,she was ready for some action
My dog said you ain't a freak, so you gotta prove my man wrong
I'mma play this Vandross, you gon' take your pants off
I'mma play this Gladys Knight, me and you gon' get right

Cut out all the lights, He the light
Got pulled over, see the brights
What you doin' on the street at night?
Wonder if they're gonna read your rights
Thirteenth Amendment, three strikes
Made a left when I should've made a right
Told God last time on life
Told the devil that I'm going on a strike
Told the devil when I see him, on sight
I've been working for you my whole life
Told the devil that I'm going on a strike
I've been working for you my whole life
Nothing worse than a hypocrite
Change, he ain't really different
He ain't even try to get permission
Ask for advice and they dissed him
Said I'm finna do a gospel album
What have you been hearin' from the Christians?
They'll be the first one to judge me
Make it feel like nobody love me
They'll be the first one to judge me
Feelin' like nobody love me
Told people God was my mission
What have you been hearin' from the Christians?
They'll be the first one to judge me
Make it feel like nobody love me
Make you feel alone in the dark and you'll never see the light
Man, you're never seein' home and you never see the domes
I can feel it when I write, point of livin' in the right
If they only see the wrongs, never listen to the songs
Just to listen is a fight, but you booked me for the fight
It's so hard to get along if they only see the slight
From the love of religion
What have you been hearin' from the Christians?
They'll be the first one to judge me
Make it seem like nobody love me
I'm not tryna lead you to Visas
But if I try to lead you to Jesus
We get called halfway believers
Only halfway read Ephesians
Only if they knew what I knew, uh
I was never new 'til I knew of
True and living God, Yeshua
The true and living God
(Somebody pray for me)



In my soul
Gonna take you to the glory
Goal, in my mind I can't study war, yeah my
I can't study war, yeah my
I can't study war, yeah my
I can't study war, yeah my
Now where the South Side
I can't study no, yeah my
I can't study no, yeah my
Now where the West Side
I can't study no, yeah my
I can't study no, yeah my
Can I talk my shit again?
Even if I don't hit again?
Dog, are you fucking kidding?
My hat, my shoes, my coat
Louis Vuitton stitch, with Donatella Versace
That's Louis Vuitton, bitch
I think Hennessy, I drink, I'm gone
Off that Bacardi Limon and Corona. I'm zonin'
Class back in session so I upped it a grade
In two years Dwayne Wayne became Dwyane Wade
And hey, please don't start me
I'm like Gnarls Barkley meets Charles Barkley
I'm pop the Barkers, I'm hood the Parkers
While y'all was in limbo I raised the bar up
I touched on everything
Married to the game, rock a chain 'steada wedding ring
Y'all bridesmaids catch the garter
On nights when 'Ye romance
Cameras flash so much
That I gotta do that Yayo dance
I'm on a world tour with Common, my man
After each and every show a couple dykes in the van
It's easy
The hood love to listen to Jeezy and Weezy
And, oh yeah, Yeezy
I did it for the glory
Yeah my
I can't study no, yeah my
I can't study no, yeah my
The glory
I can't study no, yeah my
I can't study no, yeah my
I did it for the glory
I can't study no, yeah my
I can't study no, yeah my
The glory
I can't study no, yeah my
I can't study no, yeah my
What am I supposed to do now?
Man the game all messed up
How I'm suppose to stand out when everybody get dressed up?
So yeah, at the Grammys I went ultra Travolta
Yeah that tuxedo might have been a little guido
But with my ego
I can stand there in a Speedo
And be looked at like a fucking hero
The glory, the story, the chain, the polo, the night
The grind, the empty bottles of No-Doz
Tank on empty, whipping my mamma's Volvo
I spent that gas money on clothes with logos
The fur is Hermes, shit that you don't floss
The Goyard so hard man, I'm Hugo's boss
Why I gotta ask what that TUDOR cost?
House on the hill
Two doors from Tracey Ross
And I'm asking about her girlfriends
Yeah, the dark skin'ed ones
She asking about the speed boats yeah I admit we rented 'em
When you meet me in person what do you feel like?
I know, I know I look better in real life
I hear people compare themselves to big a lot
You know B.I.G. and Pac, you know to get it hot
I guess after I live I wanna be compared to B.I.G
Any one: Big Pun, Big L or Notorious
'Till then, get money and stunt and stay glorious
And I'm gonna stop killing these niggas soon as the chorus hit
Yeah I'mma stop killing these niggas soon as the chorus hit
These haters be killing themselves they wanna come and get the glory
Yeah my
I can't study no, yeah my
I can't study no, yeah my
The glory
I can't study no, yeah my
I can't study no, yeah my
Now where the South Side
I can't study no, yeah my
I can't study no, yeah my
Now where the West Side
I can't study no, yeah my
I can't study no, yeah my



It definitely will!
You know what I told her?
I told her to drive over in yo new whip, bring some friends you cool wit
I'ma bring the cool whip, then I want you to strip
See you is my new chick, so we get our grind on
She be grabbin', callin' me Biggie like Shyne home
Man I swear she fine homes, why she always lyin' though?
Tellin' me them diamonds, when she know they rhinestones
She got a light-skinned friend look like Michael Jackson
Got a dark-skinned friend look like Michael Jackson
I played Ready for the World, she was ready for some action
My dog said you ain't no freak so you 'bout to prove my man wrong
I'ma play this Vandross, you gon' take yo pants off
I'ma play this Gladys Knight, me and you gon' get right









I told my mama I was on the come up
She said, "You going to school, I’ll give you a summer"
Then she met No I.D. and gave me his number
Ten years later, she driving a Hummer
Niggas hustle every day for a beat from Ye
What I do? Turn around, gave them beats to Jay
And I’m rapping on the beats they was supposed to buy
I guess I’m getting high off my own supply
Downtown, mixing fabrics, tryna find the magic
Started a little blog just to get some traffic
Old folks’ll tell you not to play in traffic, uh
A million hits and the web crashes, damn
South Park had 'em all laughing
Now all my niggas designing and we all swaggin', uh
Ignore the critics just to say we did it
This ain’t no fashion show, mothafucka, we live it











I love all your shit talkin', I love all your shit talkin’
You ain't got nothin' better to... do with yourself?
I done proved to myself, back on that rulin’ myself
I got new news to tell, act like you knew you done failed
Only true know how I feel and only if you knew how I felt
Sniffed a lil' bootch off the nail
Through with mixed messages, through with the mail
Only a few in the field, little bit off for the real




Now I'ma need you to kill the hypocrisy, this is an aristocracy
I'm Socrates, but my skin more chocolatey
What's up with who? That's old news
I'm in a speedboat, in my boat shoes
Huh? I swear my whole collection's so cruise
I might walk in Nobu with no shoes
"He just walked in Nobu like it was Whole Foods
That nigga crazy, I told you"
Immature adult, insecure asshole
If you fall on the concrete, that's your ass fault
If you pass on a Kan' beat, that's your last fault
Get what you ask for, I swear that your ass slow
She got a big booty but she couldn't drop it as low
'Til you take your last ho and rope up all the cashflow
When you gettin' money they be all up on your ass, yo
When you gettin' money cops don't let a nigga pass, go
Straight to jail yo, in a hellhole
Right next to Lucifer, tell 'em I said "Hello"
Ask if I'ma be there soon and tell him I said "Hell no"
Yo what you say when your people get outta jail, huh?


Pour the champagne, let your watch show
Shorty got a man watch, wrist look colossal
I admit my first watch was a Fossil
Now I’m in the Louvre, lookin' for fossils
'Tention to detail is so uncanny
And the whips on the Sprewells, it’s so un-Camry
Somebody need to put us on camera
The world of Rollies and everyone families
Stay Jordan fresh, suits and Ferraris
Cute, your shorty watch Barney's, we head to Barneys
End up at Marni, Giorgio, service from Sergio Tacchini
Lamborghini, the chain throw off the vertigo
I know the flow just hit a hellified vertical
This the Christ year, last year was magic: 32
Lyrically, can’t none of y’all murder Ye
'Cause y’all raps ain’t got no vertebrae
I got style, ask June if she heard of me
I killed the fur last Paris, raised the murder rate
First of all, we all know the beats is
Like a mix between Fergie and Jesus
Imagine the direction of this immaculate conception
Every one of His Majesty’s swim parties is pageantries
Cannonball off the divin' board when I am bored
All my homies GDs, but I am Lord
Rap god, Greek mythology
And this life too crazy to think logically
Here’s somethin' that you could use as an analogy
My life is like a child’s illusions become reality

Exactly
Rosewood
Aha, aha
I know you see me, I know you see me
I know you see me, it's like I'm 3D
I know you see me, I know you see me
I know you see me, it's like I'm 3D

Hey, feel like one of those old R. Kelly joints, right?
I bet they put me back on the cover of Ebony now
I know Jet magazine calling right now
You looking good today too, I like that
You got your new suit on and she got the extra cute on
I know you thinking, “This that Yeezy we all love”
I’m back, baby, we back, baby
Uncle Charlie, by the way
And I’ma let you finish, but I got Beyoncé on the track
That’s what it is
Black excellence, baby
This is the elite
We the greatest in the world baby, we the greatest in the world!!!
Hahahahaha
Yeah, Lex Luger, No ID, Yeezy
Uh
Let me know
Do I still got time to grow?
Things ain't always set in stone
That be known let me know
Let me...
Seems like street lights, glowing, happen to be
Just like moments, passing, in front of me
So I hopped in the cab and I paid my fare
See I know my destination, but I'm just not there
All the street lights, glowing, happen to be
Just like moments, passing, in front of me
So I hopped in the cab and I paid my fare
See I know my destination, but I'm just not there
In the streets
In the streets
I'm just not there in the streets
I'm just not there
Life's just not fair
Seems like street lights, glowing, happen to be
Just like moments, passing, in front of me
So I hopped in the cab and I paid my fare
See I know my destination, but I'm just not there
All the street lights, glowing, happen to be
Just like moments, passing, in front of me
So I hopped in the cab and I paid my fare
See I know my destination, but I'm just not there
All the street lights, glowing, happen to be
Just like moments, passing, in front of me
So I hopped in the cab and I paid my fare
See I know my destination, but I'm just not there
In the streets
In the streets
I'm just not there in the streets
I'm just not there
Life's just not fair
Life's just not fair
I'm more than just an option (Hey, hey, hey)
Refuse to be forgotten (Hey, hey, hey)
I took a chance with my heart (Hey, hey, hey)
And I feel it taking over
I better find your loving, I better find your heart
I better find your loving, I better find your heart
I better find your loving, I better find your heart
I bet if I give all my love then nothing's gonna tear us apart
I'm more than just a number (Hey, hey, hey)
I doubt you'll find another (Hey, hey, hey)
So every single summer (Hey, hey, hey)
I'll be the one that you'll remember and—
I better find your loving, I better find your heart
I better find your loving, I better find your heart
I better find your loving, I better find your heart
I bet if I give all my love then nothing's gonna tear us apart
It's more than just a mission (Hey, hey, hey)
You hear, but you don't listen (Hey, hey, hey)
You better pay attention (Hey, hey, hey)
And get what you've been missing
I better find your loving, I better find your heart
I better find your loving, I better find your heart
I better find your loving, I better find your heart
I bet if I give all my love then nothing's gonna tear us apart
Too many times I've been wrong
I guess being right takes too long
I'm done waiting, there's nothing left to do
But give all I have to you and
I better find your loving, I better find your heart
I better find your loving
I bet if I give all my love then nothing's gonna tear us apart
I bet if I give all my love then nothing's gonna tear us apart

I don't feel pain anymore
Guess what, baby? I feel free (Scoop!)
Nothin' hurts me anymore
Guess what, baby? I feel free
I'm so complete in the mode
Guess what, baby? I feel free
And you know damn well
He lift me up every time that I fell
And set me free, yeah
Ah! You should quit your job to this
Hold up, let 'em politic, ooh
One day they hate you
Next day they love you
I'm still yellin' "Fuck 'em"
I could never trust—





My friend showed me pictures of his kids
And all I could show him was pictures of my cribs
He said his daughter got a brand new report card, card
And all I got was a brand new sports car, oh

Dad cracked a joke, all the kids laughed
But I couldn't hear him all the way in first class
Chased the good life my whole life long
Look back on my life and my life gone
Where did I go wrong?

I've seen it, I've seen it before
I've seen it, I've seen it before
I've seen it, I've seen it before
I've seen it, I've seen it before
My god-sister getting married by the lake
But I couldn't figure out who I'd wanna take
Bad enough that I showed up late
I had to leave 'fore they even cut the cake
Welcome to heartbreak

Ooh-hoo
Ooh-hoo
Ooh-hoo
And I, and I can't stop
No, no, I can't stop
No, no, no, no, I can't stop
No, no, no, no, I can't stop
Can't stop, I can't stop, I can't stop
No, no, no, no
No, no, no, no
No, no, no, no
No, no, I can't stop
No, can't stop having these visions
I gotta get with it
Ooh, ooh, oooh
Hoo-hoo, ho-ho-hoo
Ooh-hoo
Buddah bless this beat















Keep rocking and keep knocking
Whether you Louboutin'd up or Reebokin'
You see the hate that they're serving on a platter
So what we gonna have, dessert or disaster?




Tell me now, can you make it past your Caspers?
So we can finally fly off into NASA
You was always the cheerleader of my dream
That seem to only date the head of football teams
And I was the class clown that always kept you laughing
We were never meant to be, baby, we just happened
So please, don't mess up the trick
Hey Young World, I'm the new Slick Rick
They say I move too quick but we can't let this moment pass us
Let the hourglass pass right into ashes
Let the wind blow the ash right before my glasses
So I wrote this love letter right before my classes
How could a goddess ask someone that's only average?
For advice, OMG, you listen to that, bitch
Woe is me, baby, this is tragic
'Cause we had it, we was magic
I was flying, now I'm crashing
This is Bad, real bad, Michael Jackson
Now I'm mad, real mad, Joe Jackson
You should leave your boyfriend now, I'm gon' ask him



Why would she make calls out the blue?
Now I'm awake, sleep (Less in June) or (Missing you)
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Don't say you will, unless you will
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Don't say you will, then play you will, I pray you will
Mrs. So Fly crash-lands in my room
Can't waste no time, she might leave soon
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Don't say you will, you do
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Don't say you will, one day you will, I pray you will
When I grab your neck, I touch your soul
Take off your cool then lose control
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Don't say you will, you will, you will
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Don't say you will, if you will, I pray you will
I wish this song would really come true
I admit I still fantasize about you, about you
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Don't say you will, you will, you will
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Please say you will, for real, I pray you will
I know it's past visiting hours
But can I please give her these flowers?
The doctor don't wanna take procedures
He claim her heart can't take the anaesthesia
It'll send her body into a seizure
That lil' thing by the hospital bed, it'll stop beepin
Hey, chick, I'm at a loss for words
What do you say at this time? Remember when I was 9?
Tell her everything gon' be fine, but I be lyin'
Her family cryin', they want her to live, and she tryin'
I'm arguin' like what kind of doctor can we fly in
You know the best medicine go to people that's paid
If Magic Johnson got a cure for AIDS
And all the broke motherfuckers passed away
You telling me if my grandma's in the NBA
Right now she'd be okay? But since she
Was just a secretary, worked for the church for 35 years
Things 'sposed to stop right here
My grandfather tryin' to pull it together, he's strong
That's where I get my confidence from
I asked the nurse "Did you do the research?"
She asked me, "Can you sign some t-shirts?"
Bitch, is you smokin reefer?
You don't see that we hurt? But still

They outside of the emergency room, room
You can feel my heartbeat, beat, beat
If she gon' pull through, we gon' find out soon
But right now she asleep, sleep, sleep
My momma say they say she could pass away any day
Hey chick, what these doctors know anyway?
Let me see the X-rays, I ain't no expert, I'm just hurt
Cousin Kim took off of work
Plus my Aunt Shirley, Aunt Beverly, Aunt Clay and Aunt Jean
So many Aunties we could have an Auntie Team
Feel like Amerie, it's just "One Thing"
When they said that she made it you see they eyes gleam
I think we at a all-time high
To get there, we run, we fly, we drive
'Cause with my family we know where home is
And so instead of sending flowers, we the roses






Woo-ooh, ooh-ooh
Switch your⁠, switch your attitude
Go 'head, level up yourself
This that different latitude
Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh
Life too short, go spoil yourself
Feel that feel, enjoy yourself 'cause


Switch my, switch my attitude
I'm so, I'm so radical
All these people mad at dude
This for who it matter to
What if Eve made apple juice?
You gon' do what Adam do?
Or say, "Baby, let's put this back on the tree" 'cause



Mr. West is in the buildin'
Swagger on a hundred thousand trillion
Ayo I know I got it first
I'm Christopher Columbus, y'all just the Pilgrims
Thanksgiving, do we even got a question?
Hermès, Pastelle, I pass the dressin'
My attitude is tattooed, that mean it's permanent
So I guess we should address it, huh?
My swagger is Mick Jagger
Every time I breathe on a track, I asthma attack it
"Why you so mad for? Why you gotta have it?"
‘Cause I slaved my whole life, now I'm the master
Naaaaa-na-naaaaa
How it feel to wake up and be the shit and the urine
Naaaaa-na-naaaaa
Tryin' to get that Kobe number, one over Jordan







I need you, I want you to
Come to me, ecstasy (uh)
Ecstasy, ecstasy, (uh) ecstasy (uh)
Ecstasy, ecstasy, (uh) ecstasy (uh)
Ecstasy, ecstasy, (uh) ecstasy (uh)
Ecstasy, ecstasy, (uh) ecstasy (uh)
Ecstasy—
You got sick thoughts? I got more of 'em
You got a sister-in-law you'd smash? I got four of 'em
Damn, those is your sisters
You did somethin' unholy to them pictures
Damn, you need to be locked up
Nah, we need a bigger hot tub
Now let me see you back, back, back, back
Time to get the bag, bag, bag, bag
We don't throw stones, we throw stacks
That's why they goin' mad, mad, mad, Max
If you don't say your name then I won't ask
She got a smartphone, but a dumb ass
I thought of all of this on Ecstasy
You got sick thoughts? I got more of 'em
You remember bad bitches that you smashed? I recorded 'em
She said, "Fuck weed," 'cause she love X
If she suck seed, that's a success
If a girl cum, that's a fuck fest
And we gon' score 100 on this drug test
Now let me see you back, back, back, back
It's time to get the bag, bag, bag, bag
We don't throw stones, we throw stacks
That's why they goin' mad, mad, mad, Max
If you don't say your name then I won't ask
You got a smartphone, but a dumb ass
I thought of all of this on Ecstasy (perfect!)
Fuckin' 'round—whoop, scoop!
Whoopity-whoop
Whoopity-whoop, scoop-poop-woop-toop
Scoopity-whoop loot, looty-whoop-whoop
Ecstasy, ecstasy, ecstasy (uh, uh)
You got sick thoughts? I got more of 'em
Haaan? Scoop!
You see them escorts? I escorted 'em, scoopity-woot!
While y'all was trippin', I resorted 'em, whoop!
Then I kicked 'em out, I got bored of them, whoop!
Now let me see you back, back, back, back
It's time to get the bag, bag, bag, bag
We don't throw stones, we throw stacks
That's why they goin' mad, mad, mad, Max
If you don't say your name then I won't ask
You got a smartphone, but a dumb ass
I thought of all of this on Ecstasy
Ecstasy

Well, right
So, so well
Well, right
So, so
High as the sun come out
Plannin'
Bootin'
Plannin'
Movin'
Plannin'
Tubin', there
Well, well


Jesus, flow through us
Jesus, heal the bruises
Jesus, clean the music
Jesus, please use us
Jesus, please help
Jesus, please heal
Jesus, please forgive
Jesus, please reveal
Jesus, give us strength
Jesus, make us well
Jesus, help us live
Jesus, give us wealth
Jesus is our safe
Jesus is our rock
Jesus, give us grace
Jesus, keep us safe

We like water, mmh
We like water
Well, right
So, so well
Well, right
So, so
High as the sun come out
Plannin'
Bootin'
Plannin'
Movin'
Plannin'
Tubin', there
Well, well


Music a bubble, not looking for trouble
Looking for trouble, trouble, trouble
But you found it, motherfucker
Some shekels fe I shenks (yeah, yeah)
Just a burn up de lamb’s bread
I miss the misogyny, bad bitches massagin' me
Sometimes we lowered our standards at the colleges
So please don’t judge me, uh, for the followin'
Fat bitches swallowin', skinny bitches modellin'
Take off that Givenchy and let’s get raunchy
I have your face looking all Captain Crunch-y
The devil stay testing, cause when you chase the pussy
It’s a sin, but if it falls in your lap, it’s a blessin'
Soon as I got salad, I spent it all on dressin'
French, to be exact, that Balmain was impressive
Hedi Slimane leathers












Okay, Lamborghini Mercy, your chick she so thirsty
I'm in that two seat Lambo with your girl, she tryna to jerk me
Okay, Lamborghini Mercy, your chick she so thirsty
I'm in that two seat Lambo with your girl, she tryna to jerk me
Okay, Lamborghini Mercy, your chick she so thirsty
I'm in that two seat Lambo with your girl, she tryna to jerk me
Okay, Lamborghini Mercy, your chick she so thirsty
I'm in that two seat Lambo with your girl, she tryna to jerk me

Okay, Lamborghini Mercy, your chick she so thirsty
I'm in that two seat Lambo with your girl, she tryna to jerk me
Okay, Lamborghini Mercy, your chick she so thirsty
I'm in that two seat Lambo with your girl, she tryna to jerk me

Okay, Lamborghini Mercy, your chick she so thirsty
I'm in that two seat Lambo with your girl, she tryna to jerk me
Yo, yo, yo
I use your face as a urinal, then do the same at your funeral
Piss on your grave, piss on your grave, piss on your grave
Piss on your grave, piss on your grave, piss on your grave
This one here for the executives, fuck you and all your relatives
Piss on your grave, piss on your grave, piss on your grave
Piss on your grave, piss on your grave, nigga, behave
Nigga, behave, nigga, behave

Piss in your grave, piss in your grave
Turn this up, teacher
Play this in the third grade, in the third grade
Can't hide from the truth
Now, we 'bout to go ape, we're 'bout to go ape
These streets is not safe
These niggas ain't playin', these niggas ain't playin', hunh
These niggas ain't playin'
This for my fam, this for the fam, do this for the fam
Hop out of the Lamb', hop onto the 'gram
What the fuck was you sayin'?
Piss in your grave, piss in your grave, piss in your grave
I'll piss on your face
I'll piss on your bitch, I'll piss on your date, ugh
Fuck is you sayin'? Fuck is you sayin'? Fuck is you sayin'?
Me and La Flame, is you not entertained?
Huh

We major? C'mon, homie, we major
We major? C'mon, homie, we major
We major! C'mon, homie, we major
We major! C'mon
Feeling better than some head on a Sunday afternoon
Better than a chick that say "Yes" too soon
Until you have a daughter; that's what I call karma
And you pray to God she don't grow breasts too soon
Projects tore up, gang signs is thrown up
Niggas hats broke off, that's how we grow up
Why else you think shorties write rhymes? Just to blow up?
Get they first car and then, IRS show up
He ain't never had shit, but he had that nine
Nigga come through flicking and he had that shine
Put two and two together and a little bad weather
Gon' be your whole family on that funeral line
Asked the reverend, "Was the strip clubs cool?
If my tips helped send a pretty girl through school?"
That's all I want, like winos want they good whiskey
I ain't in the Klan, but I brought my hood with me





We major? (C'mon, homie, we major)
We major? (C'mon, homie, we major)
We major (C'mon, homie, we major)
We major

Can I talk my shit again?
Can I talk my shit again?
I can't believe I'm back up in this motherfucker
I'ma be late, though
I gotta figure out what I'm finna wear
Yeah
The Roc is definitely in the building
G.O.O.D. Music's definitely in the building, ugh
I gotta say "What's up" to Tony Williams
On the vocals!
Sings—He sings quite beautifully, don't you agree?
Don't you agree?
Ugh
And Jon Brion on the keys right now
And Warryn Campbell on the keys right now
So they asked me:
"Why you call it Late Registration, 'Ye?"
'Cause we takin these motherfuckers back to school
La, la, la, la-la-la-la la
If you know this part right here, feel free to sing along
La la la la la, la-la-la


Yeah
You know a nigga don't really wanna take his cool off, uh
(Boy, do it!) I'll express this, though

Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up
Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up, yeah


Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up
Hold up, hold up, hold up
Talk to the, talk to the hand
Bitch, you talking to a grown ass man
It's, like, way-way-way too much up in your pants
For us not to make the bed squeak
(There goes the bed sheets)
Everybody rip the swag off 'fore I rip the tag off
Why my pants sag off? 'Cause I'm rapping my ass off
Flow so ugly, money so handsome
This the fucking anthem, get it? The fucking anthem?
Ah!

I be saying, I, uh, I think
When I know, uh, just because
I don’t really wanna, uh, talk too much shit
But you love it when I talk like I lost it
And I love how you look when you blazin'
And I swear you turn at least half-Asian
And we about to have a liaison
She so cool, give head with her shades on (Whoa)
You should just go and throw a cape on (Whoa)
And it's just so amazing
So amazing, so amazing
Take it to the car, bloop, bloop
That shit look like I'm speed racing
Leavin' with me, it'll boost your reputation
West side is where I'm stationed
Spend all night, just champagne-tasting
Ain't no rush, girl, let's just pace it 'til it's



One, two, them boys coming for you
Three, four, better lock your door
Five, six, hide your bitch
(Ayo Yeezy, pop your shit!)
They said "thou shall not be ill, thou shall not feel
Thou should not be trill, not be drill, not be real"
Niggas selling packs, niggas flipping pills
They got heroin and cracks, man these niggas hot for real
Every year gon' be our year, every year gon' be my year
These niggas really is out here, these niggas really is out here
The block is at war, post traumatic stress
Ran up outta pills, rob that CVS
Niggas getting bust over In God We Trust
We believe in God, but do God believe in us?
If we believe enough, will we ever get to know him?
That lean got us dozing, we forget that we the chosen
I’ve been poppin' shit for too long
But still reppin’ where I came from
I guess it’s how I came up
I wish you would try to play us
I wish you would nigga, I wish you would nigga
I wish you would nigga, I wish you would nigga
Ay, I guess it’s how I came up
I wish you would try to play us
Maybach Music

I wish you would nigga, I wish you would nigga
I wish you would nigga, I wish you would nigga
Ay! I guess it’s how I came up
I wish you would try to play us
I wish you would nigga, I wish you would nigga
You see you got a couple cases, still look good nigga
You see these niggas’ll try to play ya, know how ya feel nigga
Eh yup, that’d be the day you wanna kill a nigga
But you gon' chill nigga, just for your kids nigga
Cause now there’s kids doing grown man biz nigga
You just got home nigga, you tryna live nigga
You don’t wanna do another 5 years nigga
The boss is testing yo ass, the feds’ll question yo ass
They be drug testin’ yo ass and then they pray you don’t pass
And then you look in the sky, you got some questions to ask
With no response make you wanna grab the tech and the mac
I’ve been poppin shit for too long
But still reppin’ where I came from
I guess it’s how I came up
I wish you would try to play us
I wish you would nigga, I wish you would nigga
I wish you would nigga, I wish you would nigga
Ay! I guess it’s how I came up
I wish you would try to play us

School spirit, motherfucker
Alpha, step, Omega, step
Kappa, step, Sigma, step
Gangstas walk, pimps gon' talk
Ooh, hecky nah, that boy is raw
AKA, step, Delta, step
S.G. Rho, step, Zeta, step
Gangstas walk, pimps gon' talk
Ooh, hecky nah, that boy is raw
I'ma get on this TV, mama
I'ma, I'ma put shit down
I'ma make sure these light-skinned niggas
Never, ever, never come back in style
Told 'em I finished school and I started my own business
They say, "Oh you graduated?" No, I decided I was finished
Chasing y'all dreams and what you've got planned
Now I spit it so hot, you got tanned
Back to school and I hate it there, I hate it there
Everything I want, I gotta wait a year, I wait a year
This nigga graduated at the top of our class
I went to Cheesecake, he was a motherfucking waiter there
Alpha, step, Omega, step
Kappa, step, Sigma, step
Gangstas walk, pimps gon' talk
Ooh, hecky nah, that boy is raw
AKA, step, Delta, step
S.G. Rho, step, Zeta, step
Gangstas walk, pimps gon' talk
Ooh, hecky nah, that boy is raw
I got a Jones like Norah for your soror-
Bring more of them girls, I've seen in The Aurora
Tammy, Becky, and Laura, or a Shirley
I'm trying to hit it early, like I'm in a hurry
See, that's how dude became the young Pootie Tang: "tippy tow"
Roc-A-Fella chain, yeah that's my rapper style
Rosary piece, yeah that's my Catholic style
Red and white Ones, yeah that's my Kappa style
And I ain't even pledge
Crack my head on the steering wheel and I ain't even dead
If I could go through all that and still be breathing
Bitch, bend over, I'm here for a reason
Alpha, step, Omega, step
Kappa, step, Sigma, step
Gangstas walk, pimps gon' talk
Ooh, hecky nah, that boy is raw
AKA, step, Delta, step
S.G. Rho, step, Zeta, step
Gangstas walk, pimps gon' talk
Ooh, hecky nah, that boy is raw
I feel a woo coming on, cuz
I feel a woo coming on, cuz
(WOO!)
There it was
I feel some woos coming on, cuz
A couple woos coming on, cuz
(WOO! WOO!)
There they was
I feel a woo coming on, cuz
I feel a woo coming on, cuz
(WOO!)
There it was
A couple woos coming on, cuz
A couple woos coming on, cuz
(WOO! WOO!)
There they was


No one man should have all that power (Yeah)
The clock's tickin', I just count the hours (Yeah)
Stop trippin', I'm trippin' off the power
No one man should have all that power

No one man should have all that power
Yea-ey-yea-ey-yeah-ey!
Oh oh (And they say) yeah-ey (And they say)
Oh oh (And they say) yeah-ey (And they say)
Oh oh (And they say) yeah-ey (And they say)
No one man should have all that power
Now when I walk in, everybody do the "Power" clap
Clap, clap, clap
Fresh for the club, I just took a half an hour nap
Clap, clap, clap
I seen people go crazy when the whole world in our lap
Clap, clap, clap
My socket was out the plug, now it’s time to get the power back
Clap, clap
I seen people abuse power, use power
Misuse and then lose power
Power to the people at last, it’s a new hour
Now we all ain't gonna be American Idols
But you can 'least grab a camera, shoot a viral
Hanh! Take the power in your own hands
I’m a grown man, doing my grown dance
I don’t stop until I see the end, my vision clear, bitch
I’m on my Van Gogh, I don’t hear shit
No one man should have all that power
The clock's tickin', I just count the hours
Stop trippin', I'm trippin' off the power
'Til then, fuck that, the world's ours (Ey-yeah!)
Oh oh (And they say) yeah-ey (And they say)
Oh oh (And they say) yeah-ey (And they say)
Oh oh (And they say) yeah-ey (And they say)
Ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay (The power)
Now everything I'm rhyming on cause a Ramadan
Been a don, praying for the families lost in the storm
Bring our troops back from Iraq, keep our troops out of Iran
So the next couple bars, I'ma drop 'em in Islam
They say "As-salamu alaykum", say "Wa alaikum as-salaam"
That's no Oscar Mayer bacon, you should run and tell your mom
Now the question is, how we gon' stop the next Vietnam
Keep Flex out of Korea, 'cause you know he drop bombs

What do it mean to be the boss? (Oh!)
It mean second place is the first one who lost (Oh!)
The crucifixion, the being nailed to the cross (Oh!)
Truth or fiction, it’s a hell of a cost
Do the dishes! (Bounce!)
I’m about to hit that Jeff Gordon (Ayy!)
Michael Jordan, the only one more important (Ayy!)
But I be feeling like Jordan when I’m recording (C-c-c)
'Cause every time I record, I dunk and slap the boards
I don’t know what these rappers gonna do afterwards (Oh!)
Prol'ly spaz like I might do at the awards (Right!)
Huh, I got the whole crowd going crazy (Ayy!)
Homie, I should be rewarded (Woo!)
Gettin' money, Yeezy, Yeezy, how you do it, huh? (Woo!)
Eating Wheaties, drinkin' Fiji, being greedy, huh (C-c-c)
Don’t even think you can allude to the rumors (C'mon!)
I’m immune to the boos, I’ma prove to you losers (Huh?)
It’s all in timing, nigga (Get 'em!)
See, I dreamed my whole life
That I could rhyme with Jigga (Get 'em!)
Now Jay my big brother and Bey my lil' sister (Get 'em!)
And excuse me, but, you can’t see my lil' sister (Hands in the air!)
Number one sound across the board, hey (Oh!)
Number one now and forevermore, hey (Oh!)
Number one rule is, "Niggas, don’t hate"
Maybe I’ll drop the album... nah, y’all gotta wait (Oh!)
And on the net, they showing pictures of my Cali place
My Maybach in NY but it still got the Cali plates
All my old girls know that I’m the one that got away (Woo!)
I think about 'em Christmas and play some Donny Hathaway (Ayy!)
And keep my bulletproof-hater coat on
Chill, Ye, Ye, chill! Chill, chill, chill!
Looking at some photos that I’m looking crazy dope on (Yah!)
Hand up, talking shit, yeah, I get my Pope on
And go home with something to poke on (Woo!)
That’s what Dre said, but this what 'Ye said (Right!)
How 'Ye doing? Who 'Ye screwin'? (Huh?)
That’s for my dick to know, before you get to know him
She ain’t give you ass, that pussy fictional
I gotta give her the eviction no-
-tice, "Get yo’ ass out, bitch, vamonos" (Oh!)
Five seconds to the song and we getting close (Hah?)
I got the power, motherfucker, if you didn’t know




Why I pray so hard, this is crazy God
Just when I thought I had everything, I lost it all
So que será (Welcome to the jungle), get a case of Syrah
Let it chase the pain, 'fore it goes too far


How did I end up right here with you?
After all the things that I've been through?
It's been one of those days you try and forget about
Take a shot and let it out, let's get right
Now that I'm here, baby
Show me a good time (aw yeah, aw yeah)
Show me a good time (aw yeah, aw yeah)
Show me a good—show me a good
Show me a good time (aw yeah, aw yeah)
I live for the nights that I can't remember
With the people that I won't forget
Spending all the money that I just worked my ass off for
Doing things that I won't regret
I've been waiting way too long, long, long, long
Telling everybody that I know we about to be on, on, on, on
I ain't trying to look like I lied to these niggas
That I came up with, that's my team
Never would I let a woman come between
What we doing right now, this our dream
Wu-Tang Clan, niggas want that cream
I'm the Osiris to this shit right now
Go-to guy for the hits right now
Whatever you wanna drink girl, pick right now
If you can't hold your liquor, better quit right now
How did I end up right here with you?
After all the things that I've been through?
It's been one of those days you try and forget about
Take a shot and let it out, let's get right
Now that I'm here, baby
Show me a good time (aw yeah, aw yeah)
Show me a good time (aw yeah, aw yeah)
Show me a good—show me a good
Show me a good time (aw yeah, aw yeah)
Yeah, uhh
How about you and all your morals
In that outfit that you borrowed?
Make the most out of tonight
And worry bout it all tomorrow
Understand girl, we fam girl
Can't get me right and not do Wayne
Cash Money, Young Money, pop champagne
Presidential suite, girl: Barack Hussein
Tell me can we kick it like Ali Shaheed and Phife Dawg?
People really hate it when a backpack rapper
Get rich and start living that life, dawg
Feels like when you get into that paper, hip hop hates you
They would do it just like I do it if they could
It's in our nature—young and rich and out of control
Out in LA blowing clouds of the killa
I came up in the underground though
So I'mma spend another $10,000 for Dilla
Call me overrated or created or too jaded
Because anyway you put it, bitch, I made it—Yup!
How did I end up right here with you?
After all the things that I've been through?
It's been one of those days you try and forget about
Take a shot and let it out, let's get right
Now that I'm here, baby
Show me a good time (aw yeah, aw yeah)
Show me a good time (aw yeah, aw yeah)
Show me a good—show me a good
Show me a good time (aw yeah, aw yeah)
She really thought that? (Yeah)
Yeah, she's so paranoid (Yeah, that's good, paranoid)
Girls gonna love this song, ahaha
Why are you so paranoid? (Aha-ha-ha-ha-ha)
Don't be so paranoid, don't be so
Baby, don't worry 'bout it
Hey there, don't even think about it
You worry 'bout the wrong things, the wrong things
You worry 'bout the wrong things, the wrong things
You worry 'bout the wrong things, the wrong things
You worry 'bout the wrong things, the wrong things
Tell me right now
You really wanna spend your whole life alone?
A little time out might do you good
Might do us good 'fore we be done for good
'Cause I could make it good, I could make it hood
I could make you come, I could make you go
I could make you high, I can make you fly
Make you touch the sky, hey, maybe so
All of the time
You be up in mine checkin' through my cell phone, baby, no
You wanna kill the vibe on another night
Here's another fight, oh, here we go (Oh, here we go)
Baby, don't worry about it
Lady, we'll go out to the floor
Anyway, they don't know you (They don't know) like I do
They'll never know you (Never know)
Anyway, they don't know you (Never know) like I do
They'll never know you
All of the time
You wanna complain about the nights alone
So now you're here with me, show some gratitude
Leave the attitude way back at home
Yeah, you see 'em look
Baby, let 'em look, give ya cold looks 'cause we look cold
Yeah, you heard about all the word of mouth
Don't worry about what we can't control
All the talk in the world lost in the world
'Til you finally let that thing go
You wanna check into the heartbreak hotel
But sorry, we're closed
Baby, don't worry about it
Baby, we'll go out to the floor
Anyway (Hey) they don't know you (To the floor) like I do (Hey)
They'll never know you (Never know)
Anyway, they don't know you (They don't know) like I do
They'll never know you
Baby, don't worry about it
Lady, don't even think about it
You worry 'bout the wrong things, the wrong things
You worry 'bout the wrong things, the wrong things
You worry 'bout the wrong things, the wrong things
You worry 'bout the wrong things, the wrong things

I got a dirty mind, I got filthy ways
I’m tryna bathe my ape in your Milky Way
I’m a legend, I'm irreverent, I be reverend
I’ll be so fa-a-a-a-a-ar up
We don't give a fuh-uh-uck
Welcome to the danger zone
Step into the fantasy
You are not invited to the other side of sanity
They callin' me an alien, a big headed astronaut
Maybe it's because ya boy Yeezy get ass a lot






I know a bar out in Mars
Where they driving spaceships instead of cars
Cop a Prada space suit up out the stars
Getting stupid high straight up out the jars
Pockets on Shrek, rockets on deck
Tell me what's next? Alien sex
I'mma disrobe you
Then I'mma probe you
See I abducted you
So I tell you what to do
I tell you what to do, what to do, what to do



I do it for the forefathers, yeah, the street authors
That are now A&Rs in the cheap office
Rappers that never got signed but they keep offers
Girls that's way too fine for us to keep off us
Gave her a handshake, only for my man’s sake
She in her birthday suit 'cause of the damn cake
Now there’s crumbs all over the damn place (Uh-huh)
And she want me to cum all over her damn face
I never understood Planned Parenthood
'Cause I never met nobody planned to be a parent in the hood
Taking refills of that Plan B pill
Another shorty that won’t make it to the family will
If I don’t make it, can’t take it, hope the family will
They ain't crazy, they don’t know how insanity feel
Don C. just had a shorty, so it’s not that bad
But I still hear the ghosts of the kids I never had

No electro, no metro, a little retro, ahh, perfecto
You know the demo, your boy act wild
You ain't get the memo? Yeezy’s back in style
Now one room got Gidget—the other got Bridget
What’s more tripped out, dawg, is they sisters
Nah, you ain't listen; they black—they sistas
They mama named 'em after white bitches
So next time you see me on your fallopian
Though the jewelry’s Egyptian, know the hunger’s Ethiopian
Stupid questions like, "Is he gon' be dope again?
Have you seen him? Has anybody spoke to him?"
This beat deserves Hennessy
A bad bitch, and a bag of weed: the Holy Trinity
In the mirror where I see my only enemy
Your life’s cursed? Well, mine’s an obscenity




See, what I want so much should never hurt this bad
Never did this before, that's what the virgin says
We've been generally warned, that's what the surgeon says
God, talk to me now, this is an emergency
And she claims she only with me for the currency
You cut me deep, bitch, cut me like surgery
And I was too proud to admit that it was hurting me
I'd never do that to you, at least purposely
We breaking up again, we making up again
But we don't love no more, I guess we fucking then
Have you ever felt you ever want to kill her?
And you mix them emotions with tequila
And you mix that with a little bad advice
On one of them bad nights, y'all have a bad fight
And you talk about her family, her aunts and shit
And she say, "Motherfucker, your momma's a bitch"
You know, domestic drama and shit, all the attitude
I'd never hit a girl, but I'll shake the shit out of you
But I'mma be the bigger man, big pimpin' like Jigga man
Oh, I guess I figure it's

See, what I want so much should never hurt this bad
Never did this before, that's what the virgin says
We've been generally warned, that's what the surgeon says
God, talk to me now, this is an emergency
And my niggas said I shouldn't let it worry me
I need to focus on the girls we getting currently
But I been thinking and it got me back to sinking
And this relationship, it even got me back to drinking
Now this Hennessy, uh, it's gonna be the death of me
And I always thought that you having my child was our destiny
But I can't even vibe with you sexually
'Cause every time that I'd try, you would question me
Saying, "You fucking them girls, disrespecting me
You don't see how your lies is affecting me?
You don't see how our life was supposed to be?
And I never let a nigga get that close to me
And you ain't cracked up to what you were supposed to be
You always gone, you always be where them hoes will be"
And this the first time she ever spilled her soul to me

See, what I want so much should never hurt this bad
Never did this before, that's what the virgin says
We've been generally warned, that's what the surgeon says
God, talk to me now, this is an emergency
See, what I want so much should never hurt this bad
Never did this before, that's what the virgin says
We've been generally warned, that's what the surgeon says
God, talk to me now, this is an emergency

You a bad girl, and your friend's bad too (Ooh)
We got the swag sauce, she dripping swagu
You a bad girl and your friends bad too (Ooh)
You got the swag sauce, she dripping swagu (Ooh)








You a bad girl, and your friend's bad too (Ooh)
We got the swag sauce, she dripping swagu
You a bad girl and your friends bad too (Ooh)
You got the swag sauce, she dripping swagu (Ooh)
On lonely nights, I start to fade
On lonely nights, I start to fade
Her love's a thousand miles away
Her love's a thousand miles away
Memories made in the coldest winter
Goodbye my friend, will I ever love again?
Memories made in the coldest winter
It's 4 a.m. and I can't sleep
It's 4 a.m. and I can't sleep
Her love is all that I can see
Her love is all that I can see
Memories made in the coldest winter
Goodbye my friend, will I ever love again?
Memories made in the coldest winter, winter, winter
Goodbye my friend, will I ever love again?
Goodbye my friend, will I ever love again?
Goodbye my friend, will I ever love again?
If spring can take the snow away
If spring can take the snow away
Can it melt away all our mistakes
Can it melt away all our mistakes
Memories made in the coldest winter
Goodbye my friend, I won't ever love again
Never again














I put on, I put on, I put on
I put on for my city, I put on for my
I put on for my city, I put on for my city
On
I feel like it's still niggas that owe me checks
I feel like it's still bitches that owe me sex
I feel like this but niggas don't know he's stressed
I lost the only girl in the world that know me best
I got the money and the fame, man, that don't mean shit
I got the Jesus on a chain, man, that don't mean shit
Cause when the Jesus pieces can't bring me peace
Yo, I need just at least, uh, one of Russell's nieces
On, I let my nightmares go
I put on everybody that I knew from the 'Go
I know hoes that was frontin' when they knew he was broke
They say, "Damn, Yeezy Yeezy, you don't know us no more?"
"You got that big fame, homie, and you just changed on me"
You can ask big homie, man, the top so lonely
I ain't lyin
So lonely, I ain't lyin!
Let me see what we have tonight (what we have tonight)
I'm high as a satellite (satellite)
I see those flashing lights (flashing lights)
Cause every night, every night, I put on

Let me see what we have tonight
I'm high as a satellite
I see those flashing lights
Cause every night, every night
Let me see what we have tonight
I'm high as a satellite
I see those flashing lights
It's what you all been waiting for, ain't it?
What people pay paper for, damn it
They can't stand it, they want something new
So let's get reacquainted, became the hood favorite
I can't even explain it, I surprise myself too
Life of a Don, lights keep glowin'
Comin' in the club wit' that fresh shit on
Wit' somethin' crazy on my arm, uh-huh-hum
And here's another hit, Barry Bonds
We outta here, baby! We outta here, baby!
We outta here, baby!
Dude! Fresh off the plane—Konnichiwa, bitches
Turn around another plane, my passport on pivot
Ask for it, I did it—that asshole done did it
Talked it, then he lived it, spit it, then he shit it
I don't need writērs, I might bounce ideas
But only I could come up with some shit like this
I done played the underdog my whole career
I've been a very good sport, haven't I, this year?
They say, "He goin' crazy and we seen this before"
But I'm doing pretty good as far as geniuses go
And I'm doing pretty hood in my pink polo
Nigga, please, how you gon' say I ain't no Lo-head?
'Cause my Dior got me more model head?
I'm insulted, you should go 'head
And bow so hard 'til your knees hit your forehead
And the flow just hit code red
Top five MCs, you ain't gotta remind me
Top five MCs, you gotta rewind me
I'm high up on the line, you could get behind me
But my head's so big, you can't sit behind me
Life of a Don, lights keep glowin'
Comin' in the club wit' that fresh shit on
Wit' somethin' crazy on my arm, uh-huh-hum
And here's another hit, Barry Bonds


We outta here, baby!
We outta here, baby!
We outta here, baby!
Swag at a hundred and climbin', baby, yeah!


Why everything that's supposed to be bad make me feel so good?
Everything they told me not to is exactly what I would
Man, I tried to stop man, I tried the best I could
But you make me smile
What's your addiction? Is it money? Is it girls? Is it weed?
I've been afflicted by not one, not two, but all three
She's got the same thing, about me, but more, about us
She's coming over, so I guess, that means, I'm her drugs
(You make me smile)
Just let me peek now, I mean damn, I'm so curious
She's got a lover, so the lies, and the lust, is a rush
Time's of the essence, I need, you to be spontaneous
Roll up the doja, Henny and Co-Co-Coca-Cola
(You make me smile with my heart, ohh)
Then I'm co-coming over cause it's ne-never over
Why everything that's supposed to be bad make me feel so good?
Everything they told me not to is exactly what I would
Man, I tried to stop man, I tried the best I could
But you make me smile
I see the emotion in your eyes, that you, try not to show
We get the closest when you high, or you drunk, or you blown
So I pour the potion, so we could both get high, as we could go
Then I'll get the lotion, and do somethin' to me, when your thighs is exposed (You make me smile)
There's no turning back now, I mean I don't mean to impose
Not now but right now, I need you to undress, and then pose
I'm into that now, catch a vibe, when the doors, get closed
Roll up the doja, Henny and Co-Co-Coca Cola
(You make me smile with my heart)
And I keep co-coming over cause it's ne-never over

Why everything that's supposed to be bad make me feel so good?
Everything they told me not to is exactly what I would
Man, I tried to stop man, I tried the best I could
But you make me smile
I just wanted to ask you
Just wanted to um, let me, how would I put this uhh
Let's say all your friends, remember the one
You said if you ever she would be the one
Ok, ok, ok (You make me smile with my heart)
Well I was thinking, hypothetically
I mean don't take this seriously
Don't take me: I mean just, uhh, not credibly
I'm feeling incredibly, I mean let it be
I just let it be
I mean you, her and me (You make me smile with my heart)
I mean you, her and me
Maybe, baby, baby
You know I was just kidding
Unless you gon' do it (You make me smile)
Drug dealer Benzes with gold diggers in 'em
In elevator condos, on everything I love
This ain't a wave or phase, 'cause all that shit fades
This lifestyle's forever when you made
They tweet about the length I made 'em wait
What the fuck you expect
When a nigga got a cape and he's great?
Oven's full of cakes that he bakes, still spreadin' paste
The love just accentuates the hate
This is for my bodybuildin' clients movin' weight
Just add water, stir it like a shake
Play amongst the stars like the roof in the Wraith
Get the table next to mine, make our bottle servers race
These are the games we play, we are the names they say
This is the drug money your ex-nigga claim he makes
To all of my young niggas, I am your Ghost and your Rae
This is my Purple Tape, save up for rainy days
And baby mama wishes, along with the side bitches
They try to coexist, end up wishin' you'd die, bitches
Stood on every couch, in the A at the black party
No jewelry on, but you richer than everybody
You laugh a little louder, the DJ say your name a little prouder
And we don't need a globe to show you the world is ours
We can bet a hundred thousand with my safe hold
My numbers lookin' like a bank code
These are the games we play, we are the names they say
This is the drug money your ex-nigga claim he makes
Ain't no stoppin' this champagne from poppin'
The draws from droppin', the laws from watchin'
With Ye back choppin', the cars and the women come with options
Caviar facials remove the toxins
This ain't for the conscious, this is for the mud-made monsters
Who grew up on legends from outer Yonkers
Influenced by niggas straight outta Compton, the scale never lies
I'm two-point-two incentivised
If you ain't energized like the bunny for drug money
Or been paralyzed by the sight of a drug mummy
This ain't really for you, this is for the Goya Montoya
Who said I couldn't stop, then afforded me all the lawyers
The only kingpin who ain't sinkin'
Chess moves are made, my third eye ain't blinkin
Stay woke, nigga, or get out
Still pull them whips out, still spread the chips out
Might buy your bitch some new hips and yank her rib out
The message in this music, all my niggas had to live out
These are the games we play, we are the names they say
This is the drug money your ex-nigga claim he makes, yah!



La da da da...
Hey, hey, hey, goodbye... (Good riddance!)
Hold up...
Only rapper to rewrite history without a pen
No I.D. on the track let the story begin...
Begin...
Begin
This is anti-Auto-Tune, death of the ringtone
This ain’t for iTunes, this ain't for sing-alongs
This is Sinatra at the opera, bring a blonde
Preferably with a fat ass who can sing a song
Wrong, this ain't politically correct (uhh!)
This might offend my political connects (uhh!)
My raps don’t have melodies
This should make niggas wannna go and commit felonies (uhh!)
Get your chain tooken
I may do it myself, I'm so Brooklyn (Uhh!)
I know we facing a recession
But the music y'all making gon' make it the Great Depression (uhh!)
All your lack of aggression
Put your skirt back down, grow a set, men (uhh, uhh!)
Nigga this shit violent
This is death of Auto-Tune, moment of silence
La da da da...
Hey, hey, hey, goodbye...
Only nigga to re-write history without a pen
No I.D. on the track let the story begin...
Begin...
Begin
Hold up...
This ain't a number one record (uhh!)
This is practically assault with a deadly weapon (uhh!)
I made this just for Flex and... Mister Cee
I want niggas to feel threatened (uhh!)
Stop your bloodclot crying
The kid, the dog, everybody dying, no lying
You niggas' jeans too tight
Your colors too bright, your voice too light (That's too far, nigga!) (uhh, uhh!)
I might wear black for a year straight (uhh!)
I might bring back Versace shades (uhh!)
This ain’t for Z100
Ye told me to kill y'all to keep it 100 (uhh!)
This is for Hot 9-7
This shit for Clue, for Khaled, for we the bestin... (uhh!)
Nigga this shit violent
This is death of Auto-Tune, moment of silence
La da da da...
Hey, hey, hey, goodbye...
Only nigga to re-write history without a pen
No I.D. on the track let the story begin...
Begin...
Begin
Hold up...
Hold up, this shit need a verse from Jeezy... Ay!
I might send this to the mixtape Weezy
Get somebody from BMF to talk on this
Get this to a Blood, let a Crip walk on it (uhh!)
Get 3 Thou' to style on this
I just don’t need nobody to smile on this (uhh!)
You niggas singin' too much
Get back to rap, you T-Pain'n too much (uhh, uhh!)
I’m a multi-millionaire
So how is it I’m still the hardest nigga here (uhh!)
I don’t be in the project hallway
Talkin' 'bout how I be in the projects all day (uhh!)
That sound stupid to me
If you a gangsta, this is how you prove it to me (uhh, uhh!)
Nigga, just get violent
This is death of Auto-Tune, moment of silence
La da da da...
Hey, hey, hey, goodbye...
You'll live, and you'll learn
See 'cause you've never been the same as anyone else
Don't think the same as everyone else
You'll love, and you'll learn
See you'll never conclude with anyone else
Don't think the same as everyone else
If I had everything, everything
I could change anything
If I changed anything, I mean anything
I would change everything, oh yeah

If I had everything, everything
I could change anything, I could change anything
If I changed anything, I mean anything
I would change everything, oh yeah

If I had everything, everything
I could change anything
If I changed anything, I mean anything
I would change everything, oh yeah

If I had everything, everything
I could change anything
If I changed anything, I mean anything
I would change everything, oh yeah

You'll live, and you'll learn
See 'cause you've never been the same anyone else
Don't think the same as everyone else
You'll live, and you'll learn
See you'll never conclude with anyone else
Don't think the same as everyone else
If I had everything, everything
I could change anything
If I changed anything, I mean anything
I would change everything, oh yeah





She said she want whatever she like
She said she gon' bring her friend
And we gon' have a hell of a night
Through the day
I made her say—Hold up, (Yeah?) born in '88? (Word?)
How old is that? (Man!) Old enough
I got seniority with the sororities
So, that explain why I love college
Getting brain in the library 'cause I love knowledge
When you use your medulla oblongata
And give me scoliosis until I'm comatos-es
And do while I'm sleep, yeah a little osmosis
And that's my commandment you ain't gotta ask Moses
More champagne, more toasts-es
More damn planes, more coasts-es
And fuck a bus, the Benz is parked like Rosa, -oza





Sing every hour (Every hour, 'til the power)
Every minute (Every minute, of the Lord)
Every second (Every second, comes)
Sing each and every millisecond (Down)
We need you (We need you, sing 'til the power)
We need you (We need you, of the Lord)
We need you (Comes)
Oh, we need you (Down)
Sing 'til the power of the Lord comes down
Sing 'til the power of the Lord comes down
Sing 'til the power of the Lord comes down (Let everything that have breath praise God)
Sing 'til the power of the Lord comes down ('Cause when we sing the glory of the Lord comes down, down)
Sing 'til the power of the Lord comes down (Praising the Lord, praise God in the sanctuary)
Sing 'til the power of the Lord comes down (For His mighty works and excellent grace and His mighty power, yeah)
Sing 'til the power of the Lord comes down (Sing 'til the power of the Lord falls down)
Sing 'til the power of the Lord comes down (We are to sing 'til the power of the Lord comes down)
Sing 'til the power of the Lord comes down (Let us sing, let us sing, oh, sing)
Sing 'til the power of the Lord comes down (Let us sing, let us sing, oh, sing)
Sing every hour (Every hour, 'til the power)
Every minute (Every minute, of the Lord)
Every second (Every second, comes)
Sing each and every millisecond (Down)
We need you (We need you, sing 'til the power)
We need you (We need you, of the Lord)
We need you (Comes)
Oh, we need you (Down)
Sing 'til the power of the Lord comes down (Sing 'til the power of the Lord falls down)
Sing 'til the power of the Lord comes down (We are to sing 'til the power of the Lord comes down)
Sing every hour (Every hour, 'til the power)
Every minute (Every minute, of the Lord)
Every second (Every second, comes)
Sing each and every millisecond (Down)
We need you (We need you, sing 'til the power)
We need you (We need you, of the Lord)
We need you (Comes)
Oh, we need you (Down)












Ooh, the night is young, what the fuck you wanna do, huh?
The night is young, what the fuck we gon' do, huh?
The night is young, what you really wanna do, huh?
Primetime, basking in the lime
Cassius in his prime, coloring out of the line
'Cause they don't want nobody that's colored out of the lines
So I'm late as a motherfucker, colored people time
Damn, Yeezy, they all gotta be dimes?
Well, Adam gave up a rib, so mine better be prime
Niggas gon' kill me, I swear they better be lying
I never live in fear, I'm too out of my mind
Primetime, never hit these heights
I mean it's like, it's like our first first-class flight
I'm tripping on it, socks on marble floors, I'm slipping on it
Champagne, I'm sipping on it, shit tastes different, don't it?
You know what? You right
It's like the best damn champagne I had in my life
"When you coming home?" That's a text from my wife
I told her run a bubble bath
And float in that motherfucker like a hovercraft
And soak in that motherfucker 'til I call you back
I mean, who says shit like that and doesn't laugh?
Hah...
The night is young, what the fuck you wanna do, huh?
The night is young, what the fuck we gon' do, huh?
The night is young, what you really wanna do, huh?







Yeah
This is that-
Uh huh, where the money?
Uh huh, what, what
My whole squad in this bitch
And they gon' stay there the whole night
I mix that shit with champagne
Been waitin' on that shit my whole life
Forever me and my dawgs
Yeah, nigga, you know right
Yeah, yeah, you know right
Yeah, yeah, you know right
My whole squad in this bitch
And they gon' stay there the whole night
I mix that shit with champagne
Been waitin' on that shit my whole life
Forever me and my dawgs
Yeah, nigga, you know right
Yeah, yeah, you know right
Yeah, yeah, you know right

Okay, I ain't that fucked up, but I'm halfway
We came a long way from the alley
Bad, bad, bad bitches they dressed up
Like it's the NBA draft day
And I bet and I bet that she ain't gon' be that late
For a young, sexy face like me
A young, young, young, sexy face like me
She like girls if she don't like me
And if you do then I do girl, I see ya, I see ya
The way that you pose I might have to IG ya
Sexy young thing, I might have to ID her
Ooh, damn I got some ideas
We could fuck up the couch in the club like it came from Ikea
Goin' so hard the whole night is a blur
Older women be like, "damn, you mature"
I say you the one, but goddamn I got nerve
My whole squad in this bitch
And they gon' stay there the whole night
I mix that shit with champagne
Been waitin' on that shit my whole life
Forever me and my dawgs
Yeah, nigga, you know right
Yeah, yeah, you know right
Yeah, yeah, you know

Okay, I sip the kamikaze while I bend the body
And I whip the Maserati like I'm Ricky Bobby
I be mobbin', I be mobbin' like I'm Gotti
I might even speak Italian
50 women in the room like we ain't even got a lobby
I be wildin' like I never had a daddy
And the titties paparazzi, they be flashin', god damnit I'm a hottie
Got her friends tryna fuck me and her man's tryna rob me
And she won't leave me alone, I tell the trick to get a hobby
I ain't even gonna lie, I got a million dollar chick
With a billion dollar pussy
Every time I cum, I swear to God I feel like I be rich
Yeah, tryna get that hotel money
But you know them crackers ain't gonna let you get the Ritz
They ain't gonna let you get the fountain in the front with the fist
They gonna give you courtside at the Clips
But never ownership, they ain’t on that donor shit
Well, fuck giving it to me, I'mma take that shit
Forget crackin' the code, I'mma break that shit
I'mma calamari steak that shit
And cop so much ice, me and my dogs gonna skate that shit
Bitch do it so big you can't escape that shit
Hoes tryna have my baby just to Ricki Lake that shit
I hate that shit
Girls handing me their heart, how could I not break that shit?
My whole squad in this bitch
And they gon' stay there the whole night
I mix that shit with champagne
Been waitin' on that shit my whole life
Forever me and my dawgs
Yeah, nigga, you know right
Yeah, yeah, you know right
Yeah, yeah, you know right

Wise man say, wise man say
Wise man say
You'll never figure out real love
Never figure out real love
You'll never figure out real love
It's so crazy, crazy-crazy
I got everything figured out
But for some reason
I can never find what real love is about, no doubt
Everything in the world figured out
But I can never seem to find what real love was about
Do you think I'd sacrifice, real life
For all the fame, and flashing lights?
Do you think I'd sacrifice, a real life
For all the fame, and flashing lights?
There is no Gucci I can buy
There is no Louis Vuitton to put on
There is no YSL that they could sell
To get my heart out of this hell, and my mind out of this jail
There is no clothes that I could buy
That could turn, back in time
There is no vacation spot I could fly
That could bring back a piece of real life
Real life, what does it feel like?
I ask you tonight, I ask you tonight
What does it feel like? I ask you tonight
To live a real life
I just wanna be a real boy
They always say "Kanye, he keeps it real boy"
Pinocchio's story is, I just wanna be a real boy
Pinocchio's story goes, to be a real boy
It's funny
Pinocchio lied, and that's what kept him from it
I tell the truth, and I keep running
It's like I'm lookin for something out there, tryna find something
I turn on the TV, and see me, and see nothing
What does it feel like, to live real life, to be real?
Not some facade on TV that no one can really feel
Do you really have the stamina?
For everybody that sees you that say, "Where's my camera?"
For everybody that sees you to say, "Sign a autograph"
For everybody that sees you cryin that say you oughta laugh
You oughta laugh
I just wanna be a real boy, Pinocchio's story goes
I just wanna be a real boy, Pinocchio's story goes
And there is no Gepetto, to guide me
No one, right beside me
The only one, was behind me
I can't find her no more, I can't call her no more
I can't...
The only one that come out on the tour and stays
Back when I was livin' at home and this was all a big dream
And the fame will be get got
And the day I moved to L.A., maybe that was all my fault
All my fault to be a real boy, chasin' the American dream
Chasin' everything we seen, up on the TV screen
And when uh, the Benz was left
And the clothes was left, and the hoes was left
You talk the hoes to death, thinkin' the money that the-
You spend the dough to death
And tell me what be left, for a real boy!
They say "Kanye, you keep it too real boy"
Perspective, and wise man say
One day, you'll find your way
The wise man say, you'll find your way
The wise man say, you'll find your way
Wise man say
We in the streets, playa, get ya mail
It's only two places you end up, either dead or in jail
Still nowhere to go
Still nowhere to go
Now throw ya hands up, hustlers, busters, boosters, hoes
Everybody, fuck that
Still nowhere to go
Still nowhere to go

Now throw ya hands up, hustlers, busters, boosters, hoes
(Throw your hands up high) Everybody, fuck that
Still nowhere to go
Still nowhere to go
And keep ya hands up, hustlers, busters, boosters
Hoes ('Til they reach the sky), everybody, fuck that
Still nowhere to go
Still nowhere to go
Two words: Chi-Town, Southside, worldwide
'Cause I rep that 'til I fuckin' die
One neck, two chains, one waist, two gats
One wall, twenty plaques, dues paid, gimme that
I am limelight, Blueprint, five mics
Go-Getters rhyme, like, should've been signed twice
Most imitated, Grammy nominated
Hotel accommodated, cheerleader prom-dated
Barbershop playa-hated, mom-and-pop bootlegged it
Felt like it rained 'til the roof caved in
Two words: Chi-Town raised me, crazy
So I live by two words: "Fuck you, pay me"
Screaming, "Jesus, save me"
You know how the game be, I can't let 'em change me
'Cause on judgment day, you gon' blame me
Look, God, it's the same me
And I basically know now, we get racially profiled
'Cuffed up and hosed down, pimped up and ho'd down
Plus, I got a whole city to hold down
From the bottom, so the top's the only place to go now
Now throw ya hands up hustlers, busters, boosters, hoes
(Throw your hands up high)
Oh, everybody, fuck that
Still nowhere to go
Still nowhere to go









Lift off (lift off), lift off, takin' my coat off
Showing my tattoos, I'm such a show off, huh
I feel the pain and then roll off
I got the whole city, they about to go off
How many niggas with me up and in the aisle? (Lift off)
How many people want to roll on me now? (Lift off)
Like you know na na na, you know me by now (Lift off)
Know me (Lift off), know me by now

Lift off (Lift off), off, ah, like you know, na-na-na
You know me by now, know me, know me by now
You know me, know me by now, know me, know me by now




M-M-M-Murda



That pussy get wetter than yours
That head is better than yours
I flew her out so I could fuck on tour
Flew her back 'cause my girlfriend saw her
They tried to say I wasn't black no more
About as black as Macklemore
They don't like me 'cause I'm Mexican
Sent me back, now I'm back again
Uh, just bought a piece of Fashion Nova
Your girlfriend look like a ogre
Nigga, fat bitches need love too
My fault, Ye, I wasn't sober
Who the fuck gon' listen to Ebro? (Ebro)
All these niggas so emo
Fuck that nigga, I'm the mothafuckin' shit
Another old nigga on a young nigga dick
N-N-Niggas tried to say that I was canceled (Canceled)
When I asked them questions, couldn't answer
How Ye? How Ye? How, Sway? Nigga it's fucking-




Never, never, never, never change
I'm still fuckin' with crime 'cause crime pays
I never change!
Out hustlin', same clothes for days
I never change!
I'll never change, I'm too stuck in my ways, I never change
(Who you know like Hov'?)
Never, never, never, never change
I'm still fuckin' with crime 'cause crime pays (that's right)
I never change!
Out hustlin', same clothes for days
I never change!
I'll never change, I'm too stuck in my ways, I never change

Never, never, never, never change
I'm still fuckin' with crime 'cause crime pays
I never change!
Out hustlin', same clothes for days
I never change!
I'll never change, I'm too stuck in my ways, I never change
(Who you know like Hov'?)
Never, never, never, never change
I'm still fuckin' with crime 'cause crime pays (never change)
I never change!
Out hustlin', same clothes for days (come on)
I never change!
I'll never change, I'm too stuck in my ways, I never change

Never, never, never, never change
I'm still fuckin' with crime 'cause crime pays (come on)
I never change!
Out hustlin', same clothes for days
I never change!
I'll never change, I'm too stuck in my ways, I never change
(Who you know like Hov'?)
Never, never, never, never change
I'm still fuckin' with crime 'cause crime pays
I never change!
Out hustlin', same clothes for days (come on)
I never change!
I'll never change, I'm too stuck in my ways, I never change

Nigga tell the world I’m Compton, Compton
Nigga, I’m Compton
Big ass condom, mothafuck ya problems
Make sure that you don’t bring ya man to my concert
I want you to suck my whole band after concert
Compton, Compton
Nigga, I’m Compton
Big ass condom, mothafuck ya problems
I’m killin’ every instrumental and I cosign em
And no 360 deals, see that's advance at McDonald’s
I spazz like a wino
Time and time again I often wonder where the time go, my daddy and my mom know
I stomp a rapper like a Kappa or beat him like a congo
Then speed off in a Bronco, OJ
Often reminisce about the old days, Hardaway/Alonzo
Back then we was wearing LA Gears with the rhinestones
Nowadays I’m coming headfirst like a rhino
I rhyme like I invented it my wordplay is unlimited
Now nigga spin my vinyl, club going apeshit
Rap like I ain’t ate shit, shit on any A-list
Artist you a novice I’m recording on a spaceship
And we never nodded to your sing-le, King K
D.O.T. is E.T.A. Primetime, new clothes
Closeminded niggas getting clotheslined, I suppose
Bitch I think I’m 2Pac
Bitch I think I’m B.I.G
Bitch I think I’m Eazy-E, I’m Big L and I’m ODB
And OMG I might OD, yeah that be my new tape
That’s appreciation tape, thanks for knowing that I’m great
Middle finger to the fake… FUCK YOU!
I’m the center of attention Hut 1, Hut 2
And my bitch a mutt too, mixed with all types of shit
Got the keys to her pad like I’m bout' to type and shitt
Got em all hype and shit, I ain’t even do nothing
Screaming out “fuck the world”, tell you when I’m through nutting
Compton, Compton
Nigga, I’m Compton
Big ass condom, mothafuck ya, momma!
I go inside the studio and suicide bomb ya!
I bomb on Obama if that nigga get in my way
I’m smelling some vagina, ya niggas some clitoris
Must be already dead, saying I ain’t killing it
I’m in the lead and winning it, feeling like a stunt double
I'm convinced we already in hell, pass the blunt devil
Ya talking Illuminati I’m talking eliminating
Everyone including Satan, Lord knows heaven waiting
I’m the best rapper alive!
I’m the best rapper alive!
I’m the best rapper alive!
Tell Wayne to swallow his pride
Ya niggas talking that jive
I’m talking that Malcolm X
Martin Luther hustles through ya ripping through ya fucking set
I’m the best rapper alive!
I’m the best rapper alive!
I’m the best rapper alive!
Jigga man should’ve retired
I’m going after Kanye, Lupe Fiasco, and Nas
Snoop Dogg and mister Andre, Eminem, Busta Buss Rhymes
Y'all better bust no more rhymes
I’ma start busting your ass
If you walk with a mac truck, then throw a bus on your ass!
Ya’ll be no action, no pass
We gon’ start busting on niggas
Choppers be bustin’ on niggas?
Chopper be bustin’ on niggas!
Fuck you and fuck you fuck niggas
I’m do this for Soul-o
Ain’t not countdown fuck with us
TDE that’s the logo
And your bitch be my promo
Yeah she know my whole tape
I’ma make a nasty movie and make sure that ho tapes
They be like oh no wait, he’s bout' to take the whole cake
You goddamn right, gotta big appetite with a big tapeworm every day I yearn another meal, I’m hun-gray
Give some to my ho-mays
Nigga we made men and cavemen, living in the stone age
I got this ignorant type shit, from my uncle Tony
And may my nigga rest in peace
From heaven, I know you see I’m Compton, Compton
Nigga, I am Compton
A big ass condom, mothafuck LAPD, DA, and your honor got pumped up on Alondra
Trap my body, free my mind
Hoping ya’ll could see the sign

















Dope just touched down, I'm so grateful
Numbers so low, bitch, be thankful
They say don't let money change you
That's how we know money ain't you
Bitch, I been had, bitches been bad
We buy big boats, bitch, I'm Sinbad
Downright sinful, bitch, we been full
All my dopeboys, we like kinfolk
BMore burnt spoon, DC glass pipe
VA sent bales, 'bout that trap life
Blew through thousands, we made millions
Cocaine soldiers, once civilians
Bought hoes Hondas, took care children
Lent my pastor, build out buildin's
Rapped on classics, I been brilliant
Now we blend in, we chameleons, ahh!

Who else got the luxury to drop when he want
'Cause nobody else can fuck with me? What a show-off
Nigga, wrist for wrist—let's have a glow-off
Fuck it, brick for brick—let's have a blow-off
If we go by connections made
I can still climb ladders when complexions fade (Yugh)
White on white, that's the Testa
Black on black, that's the Tesla
See these diamonds in this watch face?
All that shit came from pressure
They don't miss you 'till you gone with the wind
And they tired of dancin' like a Ying Yang Twin
You can't have the Yin without the Yang, my friend
Real niggas bring balance to the game I'm in (Yugh!)
Can't escape the scale if I tried, interstate trafficking's alive
Push

Still fresh off the boat, niggas
Don't make me super-soak niggas
Your life ends up a quote, nigga
The good die young, all dogs go to heaven
It's really just momma's fallin' out on the reverend
I play musical chairs with these squares
Rich flair before they was Ric Flair's
Cocaine concierge, longest runnin' trapper of the year
Stood the test of time like Dapper Dan
Season my sauce like Zatarain's
Is he still in the caravan? (No)
It's a mil' in the caravan? (Whoa)
Richard Mille on a leather band (Whoo)
Behind the wheel like an ambulance (Go)
On my way up to Maryland (Gone)


We go through too much bullshit
Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
We go through too much bullshit
Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
We go
Through too
Much shit
To mess
Mess with
These drunk
All of these drunk and hot girls
Driving around town looking for the best spot
For the drunk and hot girls
Up in the club look at here what we got
Some drunk and hot girls
Stop dancing with your girlfriend and come dance with me
Stop talking 'bout your boyfriend since he is not me
Stop running up my tab 'cause these drinks is not free
You drunk and hot girl
We go through too much bullshit
Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
We go through too much bullshit
Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
We go
Through too
Much shit
To mess
Mess with
These drunk
All of these drunk and hot girls
I don't want to drop your friends off, I just want you
You drunk and hot girl
You want to sit down but we hit the drive-thru
You drunk and hot girl
Please don't fall asleep, baby, we almost back
Please don't throw up in the car, we almost crashed
Oh, now you sober, how'd I know you'd say that
You drunk and hot girl
We go through too much bullshit
Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
We go through too much bullshit
Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
We go
Through too
Much shit
To mess
Mess with
These drunk
All of these drunk and hot girls

Don't tell me, you sing, you about to get a deal
You drunk and hot girl
"Ah da da da da," That's how the fuck you sound
You drunk and hot girl, yeah
You only live once, do whatever you like
I thought I'd be with you for only one night
Now I'm with this girl for the rest of my life
That drunk and hot girl
We go through too much bullshit just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
(A little sippy sippy)
We gonna through too much bullshit just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
(Did she say she want a brewski?)
We go
Through too
Much shit
To mess
Mess with
These drunk
All of these drunk and hot girls
This is my time, this is my hour
This is my pain, this is my name, this is my power
If it's my reign, then it's my shower
This pole position, I made a lane 'cause they blocked ours
Dope boys, block bleeders, gold diggers don't stop either
Motivation is misguided, if you hit the mark, then it's not needed
Carry on like a carry on, on my side bitch I let tag along
Call me "daddy" from a complex
'Cause her mother's fucker wouldn't marry mom
No excuses, no regard, step on the brick like a promenade
Twenty thousand on calling cards
And I'm speaking Spanish like Don Omar
But I'm King Push, this king push
I rap, nigga, 'bout trap niggas, I don't sing hooks
Fuck nigga with the sly talk
Miss me with all the pie talk
When them lights on you and them letters there
You point us out just like an eye-chart
But that's my fault, my details of the sidewalk
For 11 years, we seen better years
We was sellin' birds over the time port
My first Grammy was my first brick
Red carpet, every bad bitch
More BMF than Billboard
I got a label deal under my mattress
'Cause I'm King Push, still King Push
I rap, nigga, 'bout trap niggas, I don't sing hooks, ah!
Vultures to my culture
Exploit the struggle, insult ya
They name dropping 'bout Caine copping
But never been a foot soldier
Let's have another look, just get a little closer
Rage against the machine, black Zack de la Rocha
In a cranberry Rossta, inside track on the G rap poster
Best D-boy, all I'm missing is a dash
Difference 'tween me and Hova
But I'm King Push, still King Push
I rap, nigga, 'bout trap niggas, I don't sing hooks, ah!








'Bout the baddest girl I ever seen
Straight up out a movie scene
Who knew she was a drama queen
That'd turn my life to Stephen King's?
Up late night like she on patrol
Checking everything like I'm on parole
I told her there's some things she don't need to know
She never let it go, oh
Okay, okay, okay, okay
You will never stop it now
You never stop it now
Okay, okay, okay
You will never stop it now
You need to drop it now
Drop it, drop it
'Cause I don't want no RoboCop
You moving like a RoboCop
When did you become a RoboCop?
Now I don't need no RoboCop
Just looking at your history
You're like the girl from Misery
She said she ain't take it to this degree
Well let's agree to disagree
Shorty kind of crazy but it turn me on
Keep it up enough to keep it going on
I told her there's some things she don't need to know
She never let it go, oh
Okay, okay, okay, okay
You will never stop it now
You never stop it now
Okay, okay, okay
You will never stop it now
You need to drop it now
Drop it, drop it
'Cause I don't want no RoboCop
You moving like a RoboCop
When did you become a RoboCop?
Somebody please make her stop
Stop, drop, roll, pop
Bitch, I'm cold
I ain't used to being told, "Stop"
So I could never be your robot
Fast or slow, you can stay or can go
Now, now that you know
Now, now that you know
Yeah I had her before but that happened before
You get mad when you know so just don't ask me no more
Okay, okay, okay, uh, uh
It ain't okay, okay, okay, uh
You spoiled little LA girl
You're just an LA girl
You spoiled little LA girl
You're just an LA girl
You spoiled little LA girl
You're just an LA girl (You need to stop it now)
You spoiled little LA girl
You're just an LA girl (You need to stop it now)
Oh you're kidding me
You must be joking
Or you are smoking
Oh oh you're kidding me
Oh you're kidding me
Haha, that was a good one
Your first good one in a while
Your first good one in a while
You need to stop it now
You need to stop it now
Oh you need to stop it now















Money, pussy, alcohol
You niggas pussy after all
Money, pussy, alcohol
You niggas pussy not at all
Get in them drawers
I had a dream I had it all
I woke up and really had it all

Money, pussy, alcohol
You niggas pussy after all
Money, pussy, alcohol
You niggas pussy not at all
Get in them drawers
I had a dream I had it all
I woke up and really had it all

Money, pussy, alcohol
You niggas pussy after all
Money, pussy, alcohol
You niggas pussy not at all
Get in them drawers
I had a dream I had it all
I woke up and really had it all

Money, pussy, alcohol
You niggas pussy after all
Money, pussy, alcohol
You niggas pussy not at all
Get in them drawers
I had a dream I had it all
I woke up and really had it all



Me and Guwop, makin' super moves
Makin' stupid cash, stack it through the roof
You don't fuck with me? The feelin' mutual
I'd feel the same if I drove that Subaru
We hit the city, the old me goin' OC
How her friend only gonna watch that, that is so weak
Seven times in a row, I could go the whole week
I could take you from the nosebleeds to the floor seats
But I need that, in the sauna, in the bathroom, at your mama's
Like a porn star, I'm a monster; you a dancer, on the camera
In the G-string, girl, I want you; at the concert, at the condo
In my bedroom, in the guest room
In the restroom, fuck it, every room (Yeah!)
Tryna see that...


E-yeah-yeah-yeah (Oh)
Whoa
E-yeah-yeah-yeah
I just seen lil' mama Instagram and she flexin'
Don't care about your puppy, just that ass and them breastses
Oh, girl, you a model? Damn, I never woulda guessed it
And if you tryna throw out all them vibes, I'ma catch 'em
The lifestyle we live is just too dangerous
Paranoid since they've been leakin' my shit
Wonder if it'll come out on the web
And I can't help all these bitches on my dick
Takin' a photo and postin' that shit
Comin' home late and I crawl into bed
She always be askin' me, "Where have you been?"
Whoa
The world has gone to shit and we all know that
People freakin' out, like, hit the Prozac
Leon DeChino shorts got all the blogs mad
Well, fuck the internet, and you can quote that, whoa
Instalove
Well, if ignorance is bliss, then don't wake me up
And I'll prolly be the last to know (Whoa)
'Cause I don't get on the internet no more
Instalove
Well, if ignorance is bliss, then don't wake me up
And I'll prolly be the last to know (Whoa)
'Cause I don't get on the internet no more
Ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh


When I heard the songs he was doing
Man, I knew he had to be on G.O.O.D Music
(BIG! SEAN!)
(BIG! SEAN!)
(BIG! SEAN!)
(BIG! SEAN!)
(BIG! SEAN!)





Golly, more of that bullshit ice rap
I got to 'pologize to Mos and Kweli (probably)
But is it cool to rap about gold
If I told the world I copped it from Ghana and Mali? (Mali!)
First nigga with a Benz and a backpack
Ice chain, Carti lens, and a knapsack
Always said if I rapped I'd say somethin' significant
But now I'm rappin' 'bout money, hoes, and rims again
And it's still about the Benjamins
Big faced hundreds and whatever other synonyms
Strippers named Cinnamon, more chips than Pentium
"What'cha gon' buy next?" Whatever new trend it is
I'm tryin' to spend my stacks, and I'm so broke
I look back like "Damn, was I on crack?"
I mean, twelve platinum chains, was I on that?
What the hell was wrong with me dog?
Sing along with me y'all

Now even though I went to college
And dropped out of school quick
I always had a Ph.D: a pretty huge dick
Ladies tired of gettin' ripped off by guys like this
And givin' head is like a whale that's usin' a toothpick
Well, I'm in the club for a limited time
Act now and get some action for a $free.99
Later on, I might charge for ménage
Heard her man was the boss of the floss
But she still want to toss me the drawers
And it ain't gon' cost me because she my caddy
Cuz she grabbed my golf balls in the club
And I'm still actin' calm den-a-muhh, she asked
"Can you drive me in the hundreds where my Altima was?"
While we drive she tellin' me 'bout problems with her man
Baby, I fully understand, let me help you with a plan
While he trickin' off, don't get no rich nigga
Give me some head, that'll really piss him off

I blow past low-class niggas with no cash
In the four dash six, bitch you can go ask
So when I go fast popo just laugh
Right until I run out of gas or 'til I go crash
Whatever comes first I'm prepared for the worst
Whatever comes second I'll be there with my weapon
Pullin' up in the Lexuses, one on both hand
So I guess them GSes was ambidextrous
Coulda sworn her breasteses was sendin' me messages
"K I need a free hand mammogram
I got weed, drink, and a Handicam
All of which is legal in Amsterdam"
So say my name like Candyman
And I'ma come and fix you up like the handyman
But if you don't need a fix, girl you gotta leave
You can't take that all at one time ya gotta breathe

"And you say Chi city?" scratched repeatedly

I'm no longer confused, but don't tell anybody
I'm about to break the rules, but don't tell anybody
I got something better than school, so don't tell anybody
My momma would kill me, so don't tell anybody
She wants me to get a good ass job, just like everybody
She ain't walked in my shoes, I'm just not everybody
Didn't you know, I was waiting on you
Waiting on a dream that'll never come true
Didn't you know, I was waiting on you
My face turned to stone when I heard the news
When you decide to break the rules
'Cause I just heard some real bad news
People'll talk like it's old news
I played it off and act like I already knew
Let me ask you how long have you known dude
You played it off and act like he's brand new
When you decide, to break the rules
'Cause I just heard some real bad news
Real bad news
Real bad news
Real bad news
Oh, you just gon' keep another no you won't
Oh, you just gon' keep it like you never knew
Oh, you just gon' keep another love for you
Oh, you just gon' keep it like you never knew
While I'm waiting on a dream that'll never come true
Oh, you just gon' keep it like you never knew
My face turned to stone when I heard the news
What's on the news?
Channel cruise
Not gonna stop
I bet I can't get down to them (I can't fear nobody)
That tender lovin' so lovely (I can't hear nobody)
That tender lovin' so lovely (I can't see nobody)
"You really don't understand do you?"
Oh the rain, rain, the rain (Can't compete with nobody)
Oh sunshine (Nobody)
That tender lovin' so lovely (Nobody)
They can't love anybody
"You really don't understand do you?"

Oh the rain the rain the rain, oh sunshine
That tender lovin' so lovely (Body)
That tender lovin' so lovely (Nobody)
"You really don't understand do you?"
Not love somebody (Body)
Lots of lovin' nobody (Nobody)
Nobody
"You really don't understand do you?"

Not gonna stop
I bet I can't get down to them
That tender lovin', so lovely
That tender lovin', so lovely
"You really don't understand do you?"
Oh the rain, rain, the rain, the rain, oh sunshine
I can't love in somebody, they can't love anybody
Not lovin' somebody, lots of lovin' nobody, nobody
"You really don't understand do you?"



All made for love, we were made to love...



Made for love
We were made to love



Little girl (A-ha-ha-ha-ha...)
Please stop your crying
I'll be late for that, baby, I'll wait for that
If you had a taste of that, you'd probably pay for that
I'm comin' in when I feel like
So turn this motherfucker up only if it feels right
I'll be late for that, I can't wait for that
I think I was made for that
So I'm comin' in when I feel like
So turn this motherfucker up only if it feels right
Stop all your blood clot cryin', I was flyin'
Made it to school with barely enough time to sign in
Yeah, I hear the alarm, yeah, I hear you, Mom
Yeah, yeah, I don't wan' be broke when I'm thirty-one
They said the best classes go to the fastest, sorry, Mr. West
There's no good classes, and that's what yo' ass get
Not even electives? Not even prerequisites?
You mean I missed my major by a couple of seconds?
Now I'm in the shop class or the basket weavin'
With all the rest of the motherfuckers underachievin'
Man, this is an insult
I went to junior high with all of them and they been slow
If I can catch the beat then slow down the tempo
Just throw this at the end if I'm too late for the intro
Will I make it from the student loans to a Benzo?
Like old folks pissin', I guess it all depends, oh, oh
Stop your cryin', baby
I'll be late for that, baby, I'll wait for that
If you had a taste of that, you'd probably pay for that
I'm comin' in when I feel like
So turn this motherfucker up only if it feels right
I'll be late for that, I can't wait for that
I think I was made for that
So I'm comin' in when I feel like
So turn this motherfucker up only if it feels right
You know when you be late you miss all the lights
That's right (that's right), that's right (that's right)
And when you get back she gon' start up a fight
That night (that night), that night
Baby, it's too late for that, lately I've been takin it slow
Try and make it to the party 'fore the guest list close
With the freshest hoes, the professors know
We about to get real unprofessional
Like them Eskimos, what would you do for a Klondike?
Or two dykes that look Christina Milian-like?
Hmm, I'll be on time for that
I ain't thought of no line that could rhyme with that
Yo, I'll be there in five minutes, five hours later?
"I'll be there in five minutes," go 'head, ride with it
I'm so live with it, look how I did it
Been bullshittin' but I finally arrived with it
I know it's late and I took all year but
You can stop complainin' 'cause I'm finally here, yeah






That's that crack music nigga
That real black music nigga
(La la la la la la la lah, la la la la la lah)
That's that crack music nigga
That real black music nigga
(La la la la la la la lah, la la la la la lah)
How we stop the Black Panthers?
Ronald Reagan cooked up an answer
You hear that? What Gil Scott was hearin'
When our heroes or heroines got hooked on heroin
Crack raised the murder rate in D.C. and Maryland
We invested in that, it's like we got Merrill lynched
And we been hangin' from the same tree ever since
Sometimes I feel the music is the only medicine
So we, cook it, cut it, measure it, bag it
Sell it, the fiends cop it, nowadays they can't tell if
That's that good shit, we ain't sure man
Put the CD on your tongue, yeah that's pure man
That's that crack music nigga
That real black music nigga
(La la la la la la la lah, la la la la la lah)
That's that crack music nigga
That real black music nigga
(La la la la la la la lah, la la la la la lah)
From the place where the father's gone
The mothers is hardly home
And the Madigan's lock us up in the Audy Home
How the Mexicans say, we just tryin' to party holmes
They wanna pack us all in a box like styrofoam
Who gave Saddam anthrax?
George Bush got the answers
Back in the hood it's a different type of chemical
Arm & Hammer baking soda raised they own quota
Right when our soldiers, ran for the stove 'cause
'Cause, dreams of being Hova
Went from bein' a broke man to bein' a dopeman
To bein' the President, look there's hope man
This that inspiration for the Moes and the Folks man
Shorty come and see his momma straight overdosin'
And this is the soundtrack
This the type of music that you make when you 'round that—
Crack music nigga
That real black music nigga
(La la la la la la la lah, la la la la la lah)
That's that crack music nigga
That real black music nigga
(La la la la la la la lah, la la la la la lah)
God, how could you let this happen?
(La la la la la la lah, la la la la la la lah)
(La la lah, la la lah)
(La la la la la la lah, la la la la la la lah)
(La la lah, la la lah)
Uh, that's that crack music, crack music
That real black music, black music
(La la la la la la la lah, la la la la la lah)
That's that crack music nigga
That real black music nigga
(La la la la la la la lah, la la la la la lah)
(La la la la la la la lah, la la la la la lah)
(La la la la la la la lah, la la la la la lah)
Uh, that's that crack music, crack music
That real black music, black music
(La la la la la la la lah, la la la la la lah)












Every knee shall bow
Every tongue confess
Jesus is Lord
Jesus is Lord
Every knee shall bow
Every tongue confess
Jesus is Lord
Jesus is Lord
I'm cold! (Yeah)
I'm cold! (Yeah)
I'm cold! (Yeah, yeah)

I got my life and it's my only one
I got the night, I'm running from the sun
So good night, I'm headed out the door
Door, door, door, door
After tonight there will be no return
After tonight I'm taking off on the road
I'm taking off on the road
And that you know
That you know
Tell everybody that you know
That I don't love you no more
And that's one thing that you know, that you know
Okay, I'm back up on my grind
You do you and I'm just gon' do mine
You do you 'cause I'm just gon' be fine
Okay, I got you out my mind
And the night is young, the drinks is cold
The stars is out, I'm ready to go
You always thought I was always wrong
Well, now you know
Tell everybody, everybody that you know
Tell everybody that you know
That I don't love you no more
And that's one thing that you know, that you know


That you know
Tell everybody that you know
That I don't love you no more
And that's one thing that you know, that you know
That you know
Tell everybody that you know
That I don't love you no more
And that's one thing that you know, that you know






I can't figure it, I can't figure it out, out
I can't figure it, I can't figure it out, out
(Yeah)
No matter how many times I've tried to you
I can't lie to you, I can’t lie to you
I never lied to you (Uh) I can’t
(Can’t lie y’all, he disrespected y’all)
No matter how times I’ve tried to you
I can't lie to you, I can’t lie to you, I can’t
Always on my mind, I can feel it now
Uh, just like a nigga, go figure
Some shit they said they might never figure
Mo’ figures, more hating ass niggas
Mo’ commas, more hating ass problems
I can't figure it, I can't figure it out, out
No matter how much I’ve tried
No matter how much I’ve tried
Can’t lie to you, I can’t lie to you
I can't figure it, I can't figure it out, out
Uh, no matter how many times I’ve, uh
No matter how many rhymes I’ve, uh
I got it all in my mind, ah uh
I got it all in my mind, ah uh
Always on my mind
Eh, I can't lie to you
No matter how many times I've tried
I can’t figure it out
I can’t, I can’t lie to you, ah
I can’t, I can’t lie to you, ah

I can't figure it, I can't figure it out, out
No matter how much I’ve tried
No matter how much I’ve tried
Can’t lie to you, I can’t lie to you
I can't figure it, I can't figure it out, out
Uh, no matter how many times I’ve, uh
No matter how many rhymes I’ve, uh
I got it all in my mind, ah uh
I got it all in my mind, ah uh
Always on my mind
Eh, I can't lie to you
No matter how many times I've tried
I can’t figure it out
I can’t, I can’t lie to you, ah
I can’t, I can’t lie to you, ah

I can't figure it, I can't figure it out, out
No matter how much I’ve tried
No matter how much I’ve tried
Can’t lie to you, I can’t lie to you
I can't figure it, I can't figure it out, out
Uh, no matter how many times I’ve, uh
No matter how many rhymes I’ve, uh
I got it all in my mind, ah uh
I got it all in my mind, ah uh
Always on my mind
Eh, I can't lie to you
No matter how many times I've tried
I can’t figure it out
I can’t, I can’t lie to you, ah
I can’t, I can’t lie to you, ah







Why don't we play something these hoes'll like?
Drive whips I know they like
Twista, you told her, right?
I could make you a celebrity overnight
Give you ice like Kobe wife
We sorta like Goldie, right?
The way we mold 'em right
I could make you a celebrity overnight

Why don't we play something these hoes'll like?
Drive whips I know they like
Twista, you told her, right?
I could make you a celebrity overnight
Give you ice like Kobe wife
We sorta like Goldie, right?
The way we mold 'em right
I could make you a celebrity overnight
Why don't we play something these hoes'll like?
Drive whips I know they like
Twista, you told her, right?
I could make you a celebrity overnight
Give you ice like Kobe wife
We sorta like Goldie, right?
The way we mold 'em right
I could make you a celebrity overnight

Why don't we play something these hoes'll like?
Drive whips I know they like
Twista, you told her, right?
I could make you a celebrity overnight
Give you ice like Kobe wife
We sorta like Goldie, right?
The way we mold 'em right
I could make you a celebrity overnight


(Go) go, go, go, go, go and on the count of three
(Go) go, go, go, go, go and on the count of three
(Go) go, go, go, go, go, go
And on the count of three everybody run back to your fantasy, now
(Go) go, go, go, go, go and on the count of three
(Go) go, go, go, go, go and on the count of three
(Go) go, go, go, go, go, go
And on the count of three everybody run back to your fantasy, now

(Go) go, go, go, go, go and on the count of three
(Go) go, go, go, go, go and on the count of three
(Go) go, go, go, go, go, go
And on the count of three everybody run back to your fantasy, now
(Go) go, go, go, go, go and on the count of three
(Go) go, go, go, go, go and on the count of three
(Go) go, go, go, go, go, go
And on the count of three everybody run back to your fantasy, now

(Go) go, go, go, go, go and on the count of three
(Go) go, go, go, go, go and on the count of three
(Go) go, go, go, go, go, go
And on the count of three everybody run back to your fantasy, now
(Go) go, go, go, go, go and on the count of three
(Go) go, go, go, go, go and on the count of three
(Go) go, go, go, go, go, go
And on the count of three everybody run back to your fantasy, now




Flew in for the fight, that's that thug life
Pac sittin' shotgun next to Suge Knight
Coogi, Coogi, Coogi, Coogi on
Feel like I'm in the movie, holmes
Texted my Consigliere
Tell the maid leave the jacuzzi on
(Who you tryna get crazy with? Don't you know I'm loco?)
That Calabasas 'cross the sweatshirt
I wear it to a meetin' like a dress shirt
Top shotta put the pressure
Jamaican nigga with the mesh shirt
There's levels to my retail
The devil's in the detail
Niggas be typin' hard as hell
Goin' heavy metal on the email
Niggas be so emo
Catchin' feelings like a female
Get quiet as a church mouse
Phone soundin' like a seashell
Niggas get so choked up
I had to bring back the Spreewells, ha, ha, ha

(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(La, la, la, la, la)
Usher Raymond chain, it's too chilly
(La, la, la, la, la)
Usher Raymond chain, it's too chilly!
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(La, la, la, la, la)

New walk, new talk, who that, who this?
Who else you know this bad, a few kids
Nobody nowhere, ever gave you this
Nobody flew to Colombia, like you did
Trying the new dress out with the new drip
Buying a new bag, first one to get
Nothing that you miss, is on your to-do list
And now you're intune with, divine influence
Old sins don't count, old fans might bounce
Told the devil, "Get behind me, I ain't ever gon' renounce"
Non-believers try to doubt, but we never go without
Mind, body, soul, who you think you dealing wit' now?
This a new chick, got a party table at the Ruth Chris
All God's children take a group pic
Turn the flash off 'cause we too lit
You used to twerk to every-every song
Get carded everywhere, look very, very young
New spirit new body, like Christ on the throne
All glory be to God, Hallelujah, carry on



Justin Bieber:
There comes a time
When we heed a certain call
Nicole Scherzinger & Jennifer Hudson & Justin Bieber:
When the world must come together as one
Jennifer Hudson:
There are people dying
Jennifer Nettles:
And it's time to lend a hand to life
Jennifer Nettles & Josh Groban:
The greatest gift of all
Josh Groban:
We can't go on
Pretending day by day
Tony Bennett:
That someone somehow will soon make a change
Mary J. Blige:
We are all a part of God's great big family
And the truth you know: love is all we need
Michael Jackson:
We are the world
We are the children
Michael Jackson and Janet Jackson:
We are the ones who make a brighter day
So let's start giving
Barbara Streisand:
There's a choice we're making
We're saving our own lives
It's true we'll make a better day
Just you and me
Miley Cyrus:
Well, send them your heart
So they'll know that someone cares
Enrique Iglesias:
So their cries for help
Will not be in vain
Nicole Scherzinger:
We can't let them suffer
No, we cannot turn away
Jamie Foxx:
Right now they need a helping hand
Wyclef Jean:
Nou sé mond la
We are the Children
Adam Levine:
We are the ones who make a brighter day
So let's start giving
P!nk:
There's a choice we're making
We're saving our own lives
BeBe Winans:
It's true we'll make a better day
Just you and me
Michael Jackson:
When you're down and out
And there seems no hope at all
Usher:
But if you just believe
There's no way we can fall
Céline Dion:
Well, well, well, let us realize
That a change can only come when we
Fergie:
Stand together as one
All:
We are the world
We are the children
We are the ones who make a brighter day
So let's start giving
Nick Jonas:
Better start giving
All:
There's a choice we're making
We're saving our own lives
Toni Braxton:
It's true we'll make a better day
Just you and me
Mary Mary:
We are the world
We are the children
Tony Bennett:
It's for the children
Isaac Slade:
We are the ones who make a brighter day
Toni Braxton:
So let's start giving
Lil Wayne:
There's a choice we're making
We're saving our own lives
It's true we'll make a better day
Just you and me
All:
We are the world
We are the children
We are the ones who make a brighter day
So let's start giving
Akon:
There's a choice we're making
We're saving our own lives
It's true we make a better day
Just you and me
Come on now let me hear you
T-Pain:
We are the world
We are the children
We are the ones who make a brighter day
So let's start giving
Jamie Foxx (imitating Ray Charles):
Choice were making
Saving our own lives
It's true we'll make a better day
Just you and me
LL Cool J, Will.I.Am, Snoop Dogg, Busta Rhymes, Swizz Beatz:
We all need somebody that we can lean on
When you wake up look around and see that your dream's gone
When the earth quakes we'll help you make it through the storm
When the floor breaks a magic carpet to stand on
We are the world united by love so strong
When the radio isn't on you can hear the songs
A guided light on the dark road you're walking on
A sign post to find the dreams you thought was gone
Someone to help you move the obstacles you stumbled on
Someone to help you rebuild after the rubble's gone
We are the world connected by a common bond
Love the whole planet's singing along
All:
We are the world
We are the children
We are the ones who make a brighter day
So let's start giving
There's a choice we're making
We're saving our own lives
It's true we make a better day
Just you and me
Kanye West:
Everyday citizens
Everybody pitching in
Children & Wyclef Jean:
Nou sé mond la
Nou sé timoun yo
Will.i.am:
You and I
You and I
Kanye West:
Uh, 12 days no water
What's your will to live?
Will.i.am:
We amplified the love we watching multiply
Kanye West:
Feeling like the world's end
We can make the world win
Will.i.am:
Like Katrina, Africa, Indonesia
And now Haiti needs us, they need us, they need us
All:
We are the world
We are the children
We are the ones who make a brighter day
So let's start giving
Nou sé mond la
There's a choice we're making
We're saving our own lives
It's true we make a better day
Just you and me
Wyclef Jean:
Haiti, Haiti, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha
Haiti, Haiti, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha
Haiti, Haiti, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha
Haiti











I hear you, I hear you, L-Boogie
Remember they used to call you that?
What you say, Lauryn?
You just keep singing, I'mma tell 'em
Oh when it all, it all falls down
I'm telling you all when it all falls down
(Oh when it all)
Man I promise, she's so self conscious
She has no idea what she doing in college
That major that she majored in don't make no money
But she won't drop out, her parents will look at her funny
Now, tell me that ain't insecurr
The concept of school seems so securr
Sophmore three yurrs ain't picked a carurr
She like fuck it, I'll just stay down hurr and do hair
Cause that's enough money to buy her a few pairs of new Airs
Cause her baby daddy don't really care
She's so precious with the peer pressure
Couldn't afford a car so she named her daughter Alexis
She had hair so long that it looked like weave
Then she cut it all off now she look like Eve
And she be dealing with some issues that you can't believe
Single black female addicted to retail and well
Oh when it all, it all falls down
Uh, and when it falls down who you gon' call now?
Oh when it all, it all falls down
C'mon c'mon, and when it falls down
Man I promise, I'm so self-conscious
That's why you always see me with at least one of my watches
Rollies and Pashas done drove me crazy
I can't even pronounce nothing, pass that versace!
Then I spent 400 bucks on this
Just to be like, "Nigga, you ain't up on this!"
And I can't even go to the grocery store
Without some Ones that's clean and a shirt with a team
It seems we living the American Dream
But the people highest up got the lowest self-esteem
The prettiest people do the ugliest things
For the road to riches and diamond rings
We shine because they hate us, floss cause they degrade us
We trying to buy back our 40 acres
And for that paper, look how low we a stoop
Even if you in a Benz, you still a nigga in a coupe
Oh when it all, it all falls down
Uh, and when it falls down who you gon' call now?
Oh when it all, it all falls down
C'mon c'mon, and when it falls down
I say fuck the police, that's how I treat 'em
We buy our way out of jail, but we can't buy freedom
We'll buy a lot of clothes but we don't really need 'em
Things we buy to cover up what's inside
Cause they make us hate ourself and love they wealth
That's why shorties holler, "Where the ballers at?"
Drug dealer buy Jordan, crackhead buy crack
And the white man get paid off of all of that
But I ain't even gonna act holier than thou
Cause fuck it, I went to Jacob with 25 thou
Before I had a house and I'd do it again
Cause I wanna be on 106 & Park pushing a Benz
I wanna act ballerific like it's all terrific
I got a couple past-due bills, I won't get specific
I got a problem with spending before I get it
We all self-conscious I'm just the first to admit it
Oh when it all, it all falls down
Uh, and when it falls down who you gon' call now?
Oh when it all, it all falls down
C'mon c'mon, and when it falls down
Don't stop that shit, keep that shit
Keep that part where I ran out of breath
We ain't doing no punch-ins, man
That's that fake shit
If I was on stage, how I gotta spit it?
It's from the heart anyway
Might cause shortness of breath, ya know?
Couldn't have got nobody better for the job
Thank you very much this a beautiful
Beautiful young lady that's inspired me definitely











Stay tuned up and down your timeline
This fake news, people is all lyin'
Money is bein' made when a mom cries
Won't be satisfied 'til we all die
Tell me, who do we call to report crime
If 9-1-1 doin' the driveby?
It's certain things I can't abide by
I ain't bein' extreme, this is my side
Talkin' big shit, ready to die
I know every story got two sides
Claimin' he paranoid by the black guy
Cop wanna make it home by nighttime
Just a good kid, he wasn't that guy
Had a little hit, he wasn't that high
Cop gon' claim that it was self-defense
Say he was ridin' dirty so the case rests


We gon' to Mass today, we have to pray
Besides what the pastor say, I have to say
Since Pac passed away
Most you rappers don't even deserve a track from me
You see, if you ever wanted to ever be anything
There'd always be somebody that shoot down any dream
There'll always be haters, that's the way it is
Hater niggas marry hater bitches and have hater kids
But they gon' have to take my life 'fore they take my drive
'Cause when I was barely livin', that's what kept me alive
Just the thought that maybe it could be better than what we at at this time
Make it out of this grind, 'fore I'm out of my mind
And get some leeway on the he say she say
Your girl don't like me, how long has she been gay?
Spanish girls say "Yo, no hablo inglés"
And everybody want to run to me for their single
It's funny how these wack niggas need my help
Wasn't around when I couldn't feed myself
Dawg, if I was you, I wouldn't feel myself
Dawg, if I was you, I'd kill myself
Made a mil' myself and I'm still myself
And I'mma look in the mirror if I need some help
Now I'll speak from the heart, y'all all frontin'
Everybody feel a way about K but at least y'all feel something


Broke down, thought that I would drown
Hope that I've been found, 'fore I hit the ground
Some days out the corner of my eye, hey
Saw you weeping, saw you creeping
Saw you sneaking in the shadow's long
The fear so strong
Saw you out the corner of my eye
Don't come for me today
I'm feeling good
I'mma savor it
Don't come for me today
I'm feeling good
I remember when
(Reaper)
You came to take me away
So close I was to heaven's gates
But no baby, no baby, not today
Oh, you tried to track me down
You followed me like the darkest cloud
But no baby, no baby, not today
(Reaper) Oh reaper
(Reaper) Oh no baby, no baby, not today
(Reaper) Oh reaper
(Reaper) Oh no baby, no baby, not today
So come back when I'm good and old
I got drinks to drink, and men to hold
I got good things to do with my life, yeah
Oh, I wanna dance in the open breeze
Feel the wind in my hair, hear the ocean sing
I got good things to feel in my life, yeah
Don't come for me today
I'm feeling good
I'mma savor it
Don't come for me today
I'm feeling good
I remember when
(Reaper)
You came to take me away
So close I was to heaven's gates
But no baby, no baby, not today
Oh, you tried to track me down
You followed me like the darkest cloud
But no baby, no baby, not today
(Reaper) Oh reaper
(Reaper) Oh no baby, no baby, not today
(Reaper) Oh reaper
(Reaper) Oh no baby, no baby, not today
Reaper
Reaper
Reaper
Reaper









I do love you but it's
I do love you but it's
All alright
Fighting to keep us together, hope it's worth a try
You ain't always been an angel but heaven's on our side
I got my demons too, I know just how you feel
You can be real with me, that's why you're still with me
Can't hide behind the carats on a diamond ring
I don't even care if you lie to me
'Cause there ain't much that gets by me these days
I ain't say, "I do" just to say, "I don't"
Don't give me no reason to go through your phone
This is deeper than you and other women, this is daddy issues
This is years putting up with the wrong type niggas
So hold on, hold on, don't let me go
Hold on, hold on, hey!
So hold on, hold on, don't let me go
Hold on, hold on
You tell me you love me, well tell me again, yeah
I need the reassurance every now and then
Love ain't a game full of X's and O's
But I done been played before, I played it safe before
Gave it up to somebody who didn't deserve my body
You gon' have to lend a shoulder, help me kill this hangover
I believe your love for me exceeds the needs
And you gon' take responsibilities
On my healing, how I'm feeling
Don't go trading years that we put in
So hold on, hold on, don't let me go
Hold on, hold on, hey!
So hold on, hold on, don't let me go
Hold on, hold on
I, I, I, I don't wanna
I don't wanna
I don't wanna
I don't wanna
I don't wanna









I chose not to be a slave
Dropped the Wave Runners, now we run the wave
Like we ain't have all the hood rats in Mud Rats
Like you ain't had 'em, good stats and all that
Nobody gon' ruin me
I just called my wife up, let's get Hoover free
I put all my ice up and my Louis V
I just copped my momma crib, I'm back over East
Let me get your ear like Holyfield
From the home of Soldier Field
Coming home, that’s how a soldier feels
All that killing over, that's just overkill
Yeezy back in the Chi, this that Oprah feel





Uh, and don't be tryna come around my girl actin' like Mr. Friendly
And steal the spotlight like Mr. Bentley
I spotted her like Spud McKenzie
And for them fake boobies, I paid them Benjis
Get your own
I got Paris, he got Nicky, he tried to get 'em a clone
He said, "Ye, you know you got extra hoes
And everything you do is extra cold"
From the Polo fleece to the Jesus piece
I got family in high places like Jesus' niece
Can I please, say my peace?
If y'all fresh to death, then I'm deceased
And this one here is a heatrocks, spit like a beat box
The way the beat rocks, new version of Pete Rock
But for that Benz, I get CL love
So I switch my girls around like 3L-dub, I'm calling




Yeah, I see you big bro
I'mma kill these niggas man, yeah
Straight off the block with it (Block with it)
Eagle Street to be specific (Be specific)
I'm peeping at you people different
I pay my dues, you keep the difference (Keep the difference)
I can see the end in the beginning
So I'm not racing, I'm just sprinting
'Cause I don't wanna finish (Wanna finish)
They diminish, I replenish
Scientific, I'm out this world, ho
I wear bright red, like a girl toe
No homo, fingernails dirty
I've been counting dirty money since twelve thirty (Twelve thirty)
AM, weigh them, if they short, take them
Right back and spray him, amen
Yeah, I just do my Wayne
And every time I do it, I do my thing, yeah
Believe that, like a true story
Rims big, make the car look like it's two stories
If I hop out, that'd be suicide
No back seats, call that paralyze
I don't have a spine, I don't fantasize
I mastermind, then go after mine
You see I handle mine, I dismantle mine
I tote a tool box, bitch, it's hammer time
So excuse me as I nail 'em to something
I'm just repel 'em, I'mma kill 'em
Someone tell 'em, I'mma kill 'em
I'm gon' fill 'em up, his momma can't tell 'em
And the doctors can't heal 'em
I'mma kill 'em and yeah we sell 'em
I know you smell 'em
And if you want it, you could just yell it
And it be in the morning, at your 'telly
Whole ki go for twenty, half a ki go for eleven
After me there will be nothing
I Am Legend, and I Will Smith
Now that's how you let the beat build, bitch
That's how you let the beat build, bitch
Now that's how you let the beat build, bitch
Let the beat build, bitch
And the beat goes
Boom B-Boom B-Boom
Boom B-Boom B-Boom, it goes
Boom B-Boom B-Boom, now say
Heh, c’mon
Just a snare and a 808
Weezy Baby on the mic, D.O.A
OK, I'd like to thank Kanye
And my nigga Deezle
From giving me this Diesel
Like an F-350
Tank never empty
Damn everybody in the bank act friendly
Used to think my shit didn't stink, boy was I wrong
Approving million dollar deals from my iPhone
I'mma take it one-two-way back
Like a silk wife beater and a wave cap
Or the wave pool
At Blue Bayou
And I waved, fool
As I blew by you
Hello, hi you
I can buy you
But I wouldn't try you
Feed you to Piru
I know what I'm doing
I show and prove
And show improvement
And I know just to go into it
Could never amount to going through it
Whatever or how you wanna do it
We can do it like we late
Ay, wait
Deezle, let me just get the 808
As I hit the kill switch
Now that's how you let the beat build, bitch
That's how you let the beat build, bitch
That's how you let the beat build, bitch
That's how you let the beat build, bitch
And the beat goes
Boom B-Boom B-Boom, it goes
Boom B-Boom Boom, the beat goes
Boom B-Boom Boom, now everybody say, yeah
That I am the best rapper alive
I am the best rapper alive
And I will eat you alive
Think I'm lyin'?
Damn
I'mma get in a nigga chest like a bunch of phlegm
Like a fucking ram
On the hunt for the lamb
I'mma dump 'em, man
In a dumpster can
You ain't a soldier, ask Uncle Sam
Hair nappy like Pam
Nigga fuck your plan
Fuck your man
You ain't a pimp unless you get the same bitch
To fuck your man
And fuck your clan
And all my bitches know that's my plan
Oh god damn
There's my sam–ple
Play it like that's my band
Gotta get it cleared
Suck my dick with red lipstick and don't let it smear
And I got a lot of tattoos, and I meant every tear
And I'm still on that street shit
Back to the beat bitch
That's how you let the beat build, bitch
Now what's how you let the beat build, bitch
Let the beat build, they say
And the beat goes
Boom B-Boom B-Boom, it goes
Boom B-Boom Boom, the beat goes
Boom B-Boom Boom, now everybody say, yeah
And the beat goes
Boom B-Boom B-Boom, it goes
Boom B-Boom Boom, the beat goes
Boom B-Boom B-Boom, they say





And now for my next number I'd like to return to the…

You can't buy this Superfly-ness, like a shine is
Your Highness is performing; look how long the line is
It's what happens when you make shit that's timeless
It's what happens, these rappers is the pioneers
What do it take to be a legend like Nas is?
That's so novice, I'm so polished
I got a right to be a lil bit snobbish
I did a lil bit of college
Semesters, it took two, like Rob Base
To let me figure out this wasn't my place
The beat's slow, 'til you listen to my pace
‘Cause I be killing shit, but that's evident
And y'all feeling it, but I expected it
If it's classic, it's gon' last forever then
I'm everywhere you never been, and better than I ever been
And now for my next number I'd like to return to the…
Hold the fort down, represent to the fullest
Nas'll rock well


"Of course - we have Blastmaster KRS-One"

And now for my next number I'd like to return to the…
Thank you, thank you, thank you, you're far too kind
Hold your applause, this is your song, not mines
Thank you, thank you, thank you, please hold your applause
For I just applied logic—keys, keys open doors
Now I'm balcony, opera, black tux, binocular
Black Luxe, stop it, I shouldn't be so popular
Name keep poppin' up, face keep poppin' up
On the tube, I'm just watchin' Pacquaio box 'em up
How would I know HBO would get a shot of us?
Sittin' so close that we almost got snot on us
Please don't bow in my presence—how am I a legend?
I just got ten #1 albums, maybe now eleven?
More hits than a Now 11; that is no reason
To treat me like I'm somehow from outta heaven
Heaven knows that I've made my mistakes
Thank God, what a guy, as I say my grace!
Who woulda thought by makin' birds migrate for the winter
I be fly all summer? Might I say
Thank you, thank you, thank you, you're far too kind
Hold your applause, this is your song, not mines
Thank you, thank you, thank you, you're far too kind
Do me a favor, don't do me no favors, I'll handle mines
Hovi baby, we are really high, really high tonight
We tip the waiter a hundred dollars to keep the ice cold, alright
We the last ones to keep the wise guys code alive
If I can't live by my word, then I'd much rather die
No no, don't thank me, this is just how my suit is stitched
I'm cut from a different cloth, I'm just who the shoe fits
For The Color of Money like a Tom Cruise flick
'Cept I put eight balls in corners without usin' pool sticks
Beautiful music when champagne flutes click, eh
Beautiful women sippin' through rouge lips, eh
Dangers approaches, we're like: "Wait, who's this?"
Let us save you some trouble, son, what size suit you is?
This way after the Ruger shoots through a few clips
You can lay in your casket just as you is
We appreciate the target practices
We'll be sure to send flower baskets, kid
Thank you, thank you, thank you, you're far too kind
Hold your applause, this is your song, not mines
Thank you, thank you, thank you, you're far too kind
Do me a favor, don't do me no favors, I'll handle mines
I was gonna kill a couple rappers, but they did it to themselves
I was gon' do it with the flow, but they did it with their sales
I was gon' 9/11 'em, but they didn't need the help
And they did a good job, them boys is talented as hell
'Cause not only did they brick, they put a building up as well
Then ran a plane into that building and when that building fell
Ran to the crash site with no masks and inhaled
Toxins deep inside their lungs until both of them was filled
Blew a cloud out like a L into a jar, then took a smell
'Cause they heard that second hand smoke kills
Niggas thought they was ill, found out they was ILL
And it's like you knew exactly how I wanted you to feel
Thank you, thank you, thank you, you're far too kind
Hold your applause, this is your song, not mines
Thank you, thank you, thank you, you're far too kind
Do me a favor, don't do me no favors, I'll handle mines
We are really high, really really high, no
Really really high, really high tonight, ha
We are really high, really high tonight
We are really high, really high tonight
Lucky Lefty, kiss the wife goodnight for me, hehe

Born in the nation that breeded us
Why they don't never show me the love?
Jesus Shuttlesworth, I lead the squad
Walk on water while I feed the sharks
Everybody just got made alert (Tiimmy)
You might get killed on your way to work
Everyone seen it in broad day
Nobody feelin' that paperwork
Nobody cared, that just made it worse
All of the talkin' just made it worse
Tiimmy, Tiimmy, Tiimmy, too turnt up
Grab the burner, leave the block burnt up
Now look what you made me do
Look who you made me shoot
Don't ask for help from dude
That nigga crazy too
I'm the new Steve, mixed with Ali
'Bout to get freed, I'm the new Walt
Fuck what you thought
Man fuck all of y'all
Cause Tiimmy, Tiimmy, Tiimmy, too turnt up
Grab the burner, leave the block burnt up
Grab the burner, leave the block burnt up




This is the moment, grab your Kodak
While I’m flying with a flow that is
The greatest throwback since that Nolan Ryan
And the days been crazy and the nights even wilder
And the lights even brighter, baby, stand next to my fire
Only higher is Messiah or notes from Mariah
‘Rari six hundred horses, that’s my chariot of fire?
Where we flying, they can’t find us all them broke days behind us
I just took your whole life and redesigned it
I think I’m Marc Jacobs, I think I’m Lagerfeld
I think without makeup, you still bad as hell
I'ma grab your waist then, I'ma grab your face and
Then I'ma taste it, then I'ma blaze it
Hello all my bad girls, this just in
Yeezy hurt the beat like he fucked her best friend
And she let him back in, and he just did it again
He crazy, he blazin', he off the deep end
I’m blazin’, I’m flagrant, I'm crazy, I’m saying
Too much for the world so they abbreviate him
His past is her fave, his stats is amaze
Her dress is just per’, uhh, Prada coloured beige
It obvi’ we the ish and I’m rolling with my Brits
So real, you so trill, baby, everything legit
How you feel? They say we crazed 'cause our styles so diff’
They'll be jeal' when we in the mag looking magnif’
As if I ain't used Magnums on your favorite bad bitch
Fuck these background niggas, I was tryna ad-lib
Add this, we blazin', Nicki, what you think?
I got two White Russians, but we also need some drinks


While you're fast asleep
Do you experience nervousness or shakiness inside, faintness and dizziness? The idea that someone else can control your thoughts. Feeling others are to blame for most of your thoughts. Trouble remembering things, feeling easily annoyed and irritated. Feeling afraid in open spaces or in public. Thoughts of ending your life. Feeling that most people could not be trusted. Poor appetite, heart or chest pains?
I feel like this
I feel like this
I feel like that
I feel like this all the time
I feel like that
I feel like that
I feel like that
I feel like that all the time
Do you feel tempered outbursts, that you cannot control? Feeling lonely, even when you are with people, feeling blocked. Feeling blue, sad, feeling disinterested in things, feeling fearful. Are your feelings easily hurt? Feeling that people are unfriendly, or do you feel like people dislike you?
I feel like that all the time
I feel like that
I feel like that
I feel like that
I feel like that all the time
I feel like that
I feel like that all the time
Do you have trouble falling asleep? Nausea, upset stomach, hot or cold spells? Numbness, tingling in parts of your body, trouble catchin' your breath?
I feel like that
I feel like that
I feel like that all the time
I feel like that
I feel like that
I feel like that all the time


Everything she was doin' was cool, but it ain't Ralph though
Might have gave me head in the pool, that ain't your mouth though
Might have caught you clappin' every Sunday at church
You still ratchet cause they play your favorite song and you twerk
Designer purse on your arm, 'bout the size of a duffle bag
And them brand new titties cost a couple racks
Feelin' on a girl's ass with a troubled past
Chainsmokin' every day, at least a couple packs
You know I always hit you deeper than a baritone
Bone you with my jewelry on, that's a herringbone
Hotter than Arizon', fresher than aerosol
These condom rappin' ass niggas wasn't ever raw
It's aiight, but it ain't Ralph though
And unless you're money-talkin' keep your mouth closed
We smokin' indo outdoor, in Palo Alto
If this party ain't got hoes, my intro's my outro



To grow old in my arms, oh girl
Take all, can't stop, my love
You can't stop me, baby, you can't stop me



Pop quiz, how many topless, black foxes
Did I have under my belt, like boxers
Not to brag but, if it add up
One, two, nigga that's mad nuts
Game you mad nuts, how you gon' call out all these
Bitches knowin' damn well they gon' call me
The only dream, of that ghetto prom queen
Was to make it to the screen, maybe get seen
Maybe get chose by a nigga from my team
Head so good he don't ask for a pre... nup
Now ask yourself this question, umm
Would you be with Jay-Z if he wasn't C-E-O
Would you be with F-A-B-O if he drove a Neo
Would you ride with Ne-Yo, if he was in a Geo
Well why the hell you think these bitches comin' at me fo'
But since they all fall in my Palm, I take a trio, yo





Woo-ooh, ooh-ooh
Switch your⁠—switch your attitude
Go 'head, level up yourself
This that different latitude
Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh
Life too short, don't troll yourself
Feel that feel, enjoy yourself





Baby, baby, baby
From the day I saw you
I really really wanna catch your eye
There's something special 'bout you
I must really like you
There's not a lotta guys are worth my time
Ooh baby, baby, baby
It's gettin' kind of crazy
'Cause you are takin' over my mind
And it feels like ooh
But you don't know my name
And I swear, it feels like ooh (Ooh, ooh, ooh)
But you don't know my name
('Round and 'round and 'round we go, will you ever know?)
Oh, baby baby baby
I see us on our first date
You're doin' everything that makes me smile
And when we had our first kiss
It happened on a Thursday
Ooh, it set my soul on fire
Ooh baby, baby, baby
I can't wait for the first time
My imagination's runnin' wild
It feels like ooh
But you don't know my name
And I swear it, baby, it feels like ooh (Ooh, ooh, ooh)
But you don't know my name
('Round and 'round and 'round we go, will you ever know?)
"I'm sayin', he don't even know what he's doin' to me
Got me feelin' all crazy inside
I'm feelin like, "Oww! (Ooh, ooh, ooh)
Doin' more than I've ever done for anyone's attention
Take notice of what's in front of you
'Cause did I mention? (Oww!)
You're 'bout to miss a good thing
And you'll never know how good it feels to have all of my affection
And you'll never get a chance to experience my lovin' (Oww)
'Cause my lovin' feels like ooh
But you don't know my name
('Round and 'round and 'round we go, will you ever know?)
And I swear it feels like ooh (Ooh, ooh, ooh)
But you don't know my name
('Round and 'round and 'round we go, will you ever know?)
Will you ever know it?
No no no no no, no no
Will you ever know it?
"I'm gonna have to just go ahead and call this boy
Hello? Can I speak to -- to Michael?
Oh hey, how you doin'?
Uh, I feel kinda silly doin' this, but uhh...
This is the waitress from the coffee house on 39th and Lennox
You know, the one with the braids?
Yeah, well I see you on Wednesdays all the time
You come in every Wednesday on your lunch break, I think
And you always order the special, with the hot chocolate
And my manager be tripping and stuff
Talking 'bout we gotta use water
But I always use some milk and cream for you
'Cause I think you're kinda sweet
Anyway, you always got on some fly blue suit
'N your cuff links are shining all bright
So, whatchu do? Oh, word? Yeah, that's interesting
Look man, I mean I don't wanna waste your time, but...
I know girls don't usually do this
But I was wondering if maybe we could get together
Outside the restaurant one day?
'Cause I do look a lot different outside my work clothes
I mean, we could just go across the street to the park right here
Wait, hold up, my cell phone's breakin' up, hold up
Can you hear me now? Yeah
So, what day did you say?
Oh yeah, Thursday's perfect, man"
And it feels like ooh
But you don't know my name
('Round and 'round and 'round we go, will you ever know?)
Baby, baby, I swear, it's like ooh
But you don't know my name, no no no
('Round and 'round and 'round we go, will you ever know?)
And it feels like ooh
But you don't know my name
('Round and 'round and 'round we go, will you ever know?)
And I swear on my mother and father it feels like...
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh
But you don't know my name
('Round and 'round and 'round we go, will you ever know?)


Uh
Good night
Right now I can see it so vivid
Like it was just yesterday, like I could relive it
Me and my grandparents on a field trip
And I'm the little kid tryna touch the exhibits
But it'll fade before I get to get a hold of that
Man, I wish I could stop time like a photograph
Every joke that they told I'd know to laugh
Man (man), I wouldn't let a moment pass
What do it mean when you dream that you fallin'?
What do it mean when you dream that you ballin'?
What do it mean when you never dream at all then
And you don't really know 'cause you can't recall them?
It's sorta fly you get a chance to say hi to
People you never got a chance to say bye to
Maybe you could pull em up outta your dreams
Into real life (real life), if you try to
So close (so close), but so far (but so far)
And so far (and so far), no cigar (no cigar)
We can't dwell on the past, all we got is today
So I'ma live like it's no tomorrow, no goodbyes




Due to the supply of this content
Parental discretion is advise
Wanna be a monument to physical perfection
You wanna be a shrine
You should be
You want to change right
Oh you got to change
I don't wanna be famous, I just wanna be rich
40 mill with some acres, makeup for my bitch
I don't fuck with these niggas, stop pretending and shit
I don't wanna be famous, I just wanna be rich
I don't wanna be famous
Fuck around, be a Lennon and a fan leave you brainless
All in the paper, gettin' buried by a neighbor
While all of your relatives spendin' all the money that you gave 'em
Fuck it, don't save 'em
Let that boy drown if he don't float, guess he wasn't made for it
My nigga hold it, hold it down, listenin' to underground
Poppin' knuckles cause these niggas wanna bring me down
Put your face in the dirt like 4th down
Niggas wanna test, but we will never fail
I'm layin' low in my day clothes
Can't get a fuckin' meal at Pollo Loco without takin' photos
Man, these little crazy niggas (loco)
I don't wanna be famous, I just wanna be rich
40 mill with some acres, makeup for my bitch
I don't fuck with these niggas, stop pretending and shit
I don't wanna be famous, I just wanna be rich
I don't wanna be famous
Flip a finger, middle finger, let 'em know that I'm dangerous
All my niggas bangers, Chevy riding swingers
And my bitch'll fight ya, Hilary Swank ya
Take your bitch, we ain't even swingers
Nigga, try your luck, think it's all entertainment
You all in arraignment, snitchin' to the plaintiff
Who, what, where? My niggas stay nameless
Knock down yo' doo' for that dough
My niggas they go when I say go
These bitches fuckin' cause they hoes
They hoes for that motherfuckin' fame
I don't wanna be famous, I just wanna be rich
40 mill with some acres, makeup for my bitch
I don't fuck with these niggas, stop pretending and shit
I don't wanna be famous, I just wanna be rich
We don't fuck with you, we don't fuck with you
I don't need the proof
We don't fuck with you, we don't fuck with you
Nigga, that's the proof
Niggas talkin', that's bulletproof
Run and shoot
Niggas talkin' like they bulletproof
My niggas, they run and shoot
Love those bitches
They love to eat
It's ok
It's important
This being brook
You gotta stop man


They trying to say he (I'm down, down)
I hear niggas saying he (I'm down, but not out)
But our flow is the truest (Oh)
The game's in the nooses (No no)
Our girls is the models (Oh)
They coochies the juiciest (Ooooh)
Yeah, they say he (I'm down, down)
Yeah, they say he (I'm down, but not out)
'Cause I'm back on my grind (Oh)
Money back on my mind (No no)
Ye' and Killa Cam', the world is mine (Oooh)

They trying to say he (I'm down, down)
I hear niggas saying he (I'm down, but not out)
But our flow is the truest (Oh)
The game's in the nooses (No no)
Our girls is the models (Oh)
They coochies the juiciest (Ooooh)
Yeah, they say he (I'm down, down)
Yeah, they say he (I'm down, but not out)
'Cause I'm back on my grind (Oh)
Money back on my mind (No no)
Ye' and Killa Cam', the world is mine (Oooh)

They trying to say he (I'm down, down)
I hear niggas saying he (I'm down, but not out)
But our flow is the truest (Oh)
The game's in the nooses (No no)
Our girls is the models (Oh)
They coochies the juiciest (Ooooh)
Yeah, they say he (I'm down, down)
Yeah, they say he (I'm down, but not out)
'Cause I'm back on my grind (Oh)
Money back on my mind (No no)
Ye' and Killa Cam', the world is mine (Oooh)

Heh! What you gon do?
It’s G.O.O.D. Music and G-Unit
Yeah!
Ugh
Vroom! Vroom! (Banks!)
Vroom-vr-vroom! (Loso)
Vroom-vr-vroom!
Ladies and gentlemen!



We keep these G’s in an alloy safe
And stash the weed in an Altoid case
They say good things come to those who wait
So I’ma be at least about a hour late
I’m so fresh, bitch, I should be arrested
New Cody ChesnuTT with my nuts on your chest bitch
She said, “Hey ‘Ye,” I said “Yes, biiiitch”
"Damn, I’m only asking you a question"
I met this MILF at the All-Star, getting action
A cougar with more rings than Phil Jackson
Told her beauty is why God invented eyeballs
And her booty is why God invented my balls
I’m a rockstar, huh! Start it up
Start it up, huh! Start it up
So popular you should get a shot of us
Niggas don’t take shots at us; that is only obvious
The first album I vomited, the second I colonic’d it
Ain't nobody fucking with me, I Platonic’d it
Bet I got some slippers on, bet niggas gon' honor it
These ain't even real clothes, homie, I’m pajama-rich
Banks told me, "Homie, go'n, switch the style up"
These bitches on me homie only to arouse us
Told her, I ain't paying tonight, I’m only browsing
She pulled her blouse up, said, “It’s free,” I said, "Wowzers!"
Wowzers! Yeah





I got a big ego (Ha ha ha)
I’m such a big ego (Uh-uh-uh)
I got a big, (eh-eh-eh), ego
She love my big, (eh-eh-eh), ego
So stroke my big, (eh-eh-eh), ego
I like to joke around a little bit, but here we go
Welcome to the wonderful world of gold-plated Earl, 'cause
Every thing I throw up, blow up
Talking to the girl
She said, "Know what, grow up, you nasty,"
"I don’t understand why they trippin’, if you ask me"
Flow is just the nicest
I emit the propane
I just spit, probably
Just raised the gas prices
Everybody in the club
Try and get as fresh as me
What you want, dawg?
Tryna stay recession free
And spit, refreshingly when I rock the stadium
You probably get sweaty
You should bring a extra tee
Now I’m standing next to Jay
Who standing next to B
You coulda been anywhere in the world
But you’re here with me
That’s good for my ego
Me and my ego
And it go wherever we go
My ego is my imaginary friend
He was with me when I was only imagining
I had dreams of the league
One day I play Kobe
I walk up to Puff and he already know me
Coulda let the dream killers, kill my self esteem
Or use the arrogance as a steam that power my dreams
And my ego







A rose in Harlem, a rose in Harlem
A rose in Harlem, a rose in Harlem
Been through more than a lil' bit
Been through more than a lil' bit
But I ain't callin' no names out
No, no free promotion
Naw, naw I ain't late, I don't do due dates
No sneak diss, no sneak shit
That's just how I was raised
Had to get it out the soil
I been down, I been loyal
When you really hold it down
Niggas ain't even really down for ya
Oh no, what a shame
10 years in the game
Niggas like "You ain't hot? You ain't pop yet?
What's up wit' you and Ye?"

It be the ones who say they ride for you
It be the ones, the ones you love, them too
It be the ones who swear they real, not true
It be them ones, It be them ones
Don't get caught up
It be the ones, the ones you closest to
It be the ones, the ones you trust - them too
It be the ones, the ones you look up to
It be the ones
Don't get caught up, young girl

Been through more than a lil' bit
Been through more than a lil' bit
But I ain't callin' no names out
No, no free promotions
If it ain't 'bout blessings
I can't even address it
I just bought my third house
No album out and I got 'em asking
'What do she do?' I do everything
I move everything
Put that on my wedding ring
Put that on my baby name
All these fake smiles
These chicks must just came from a dentist
I can tell it ain't genuine
I get so offended

It be the ones who say they ride for you
It be the ones, the ones you love, them too
It be the ones who swear they real, not true
It be them ones, It be them ones
Don't get caught up
It be the ones, the ones you closest to
It be the ones, the ones you trust - them too
It be the ones, the ones you look up to
It be the ones
It be the ones who say they ride for you
It be the ones, the ones you love, them too
It be the ones who swear they real, not true
It be them ones, It be them ones
Don't get caught up
It be the ones, the ones you closest to
It be the ones, the ones you trust - them too
It be the ones, the ones you look up to
It be the ones
Don't get caught up, young girl
A rose in Harlem, a rose in Harlem
A rose in Harlem, a rose in Harlem
Don't get caught up, young girl

Who do we think we are?
Baby, tell me, who do we think we are?






This is our song – our song for the future

Merry Christmas to all, and all a good night
Huh, now we all livin' the good life
Yeah, though it's forty below the wind chill
And we wipin' snow up off the windshield
It's still wonderful night to be alive, baby
And I'm so happy I'm with my baby
And we a little late with the Christmas gifts
Rushin' for the mall, don't trip, you know I drive crazy
The streets lit up, it feel like Christmas officially
Told her that "You the star at the top of my Christmas tree"
My only question is, "Where my presents?"
She said, "Shhh," she got a gift for me that ain't for the kids to see
Well, I like the way you think, mami
Now pour some more eggnog in your drink, mami
You've been a bad girl, give Santa three kisses
Gave her the hot chocolate, she said, "It's Dee-ricious"
Hahahaha, yeah





















It was all a dream











Magazines call me a rock star, girls call me cock star
Billboard, pop star, neighborhood block star
Chi-Town go-gettin' pimps, we mobsters
Gingerbread Man even said, "You're a monster!"
Yeah, that's how I feel
To be down, you must appeal
To the crew, we're rated R
O.C., OG, Bobby Johnson son
Ask me, "Ray Ray, is that yo' car?"
I seen MTV, I know who you are
You did Takeover, do you got beef with Nas?
I did take over the game, brought back the soul
Got tracks to go, got plaques that's gold
Platinum to go, yeah that's the flow
All I, know, I gots to blow
And I don't play pause I'm from Chicago

Point out the bounce
Point out the bounce
Point out the bounce
Point out the bounce
Point out the bounce
Uh, GOOD Music, this our year
Backing drums by DJ Premier
Now let me count it down, who the fuck up in here
Common, Don, Old G, battle rap, oh
That niggas know you can’t really fuck with that
Pusha T, the Clipse just made a classic
Good music together we too Jurassic, you stay plastic
Ramadan with the flow, guaranteed everyone fasting
Big Sean is a don
Cyhi Da Prynce
Why you so nervous dog stop being tense
If you ain't talking bout Rash we ain't got nothing in common
Fuck that and thats just common sense




The plan was to drink till the pain over
What’s worse, the pain or the hangover?
Fresh air rolling down the window
Too many urkels on your team thats why your Winslow
I sold my soul to the devil thats a crappy deal
Least it came with a few toys like a happy meal
This game you could never win
Cause they love you then they hate you then they love you again
Get away from me loneliness
Get away from me misery
Get away from me fake bitches, I can’t take the phoniness
Get away from me wack tracks
I can only make only hits
I’m an only child lost in the World
Where did the lonely kids go when the bell ring
Feeling like hell rings
Bringing me back down
Checking my background
Its ironic whats happening
Imagine if I didn’t have the ends
I wouldn't have so many imaginary friends
I’m spaced out Dog, I be on that Moon talk
Wonder if God ask Mike how to moon walk
I swear to momma wish me and my father talk more
I stopped visiting around the time I was a sophmore
I guess everything I hate about me I see in him
And I ain't finna change, so we’ll never agree again
Just a few things pouring out my soul
Rosewood we could see her with our eyes closed
Breathe out, breathe in
American oxygen, woah
Every breath I breathe
Chasin' this American Dream
We sweat for a nickel and a dime
Turn it into an empire, whoa
Breathe in this feeling
American, American oxygen
American oxygen
Breathe in this feeling
American, American oxygen
Oh say, can you see - this is the American Dream
Young girl, hustlin' on the other side of the ocean
You can be anything at all in America, America
I say if you can't see
Just close your eyes and breathe
Breathe out, breathe in
American oxygen, whoa
Every breath I breathe
Chasin' this American Dream
We sweat for a nickel and a dime
Turn it into an empire, whoa
Breathe in this feeling
American, American oxygen
American oxygen
Breathe in, this feeling
American, American oxygen
American oxygen
Breathe in, this feeling
American, American oxygen
Oh say, can you see - this is the American Dream
Young boy, hustlin', tryna get the wheels in motion
But he can be anything at all in America, America
I say if you can't see
Just close your eyes and breathe
Breathe out, breathe in
American oxygen, whoa
Every breath I breathe
Chasin' this American Dream
We sweat for a nickel and a dime
Turn it into an empire, whoa
Breathe in this feeling
American, American oxygen
This is the new America
We are the new America
This is the new America
We are the new America
This is the new America
We are the new America
This is the new America
We are the new America
Breathe out, breathe in
American oxygen, whoa
Every breath I breathe
Chasin' this American Dream
We sweat for a nickel and a dime
Turn it into an empire, whoa
Breathe in this feeling
American, American oxygen
American oxygen
Breathe in, this feeling
American, American oxygen
American oxygen
Breathe in, this feeling
American, American oxygen
This is the new America
We are the new America
This is the new America
We are the new America
Oh
Oh, oh
What a world that I'm living in
Will the rainstorms ever end?
Still I feel my
Path narrow, I run again
Seem happiness is gone again
And then you see 'em
Grey clouds up above man
Metaphoric to my life man
Still I feel my
Heart stronger than it's ever been
Strong will 'til my journey ends
Until then I roll
More than I ever rolled
Not pills, but the Mary though
Still I feel my
Eyes heavy when the day goes
Nothing helping when my head doze
But I ain't sleep
Awake in another state
Living in a new space
Still I feel my
Mind running at a steady pace
God help me so I'll win the race
Until then I go
The sky might fall
The sky might fall
But I'm not worried at all
C'mon, c'mon
The sky might fall
The sky might fall
But I'm not worried at all
Hey, hey
I let 'em know somethin'
I let 'em know somethin'
I let 'em know somethin'
You can listen up, listen up, listen up, listen up
Hey, I let 'em know somethin'
I let 'em know somethin'
I let 'em know somethin'
You can listen up, listen up, listen up, listen up
Grey clouds stuck together, fam
Lightning piercing through another land
Over the desert where the lost play
Soul searching each and every way
And then you see the
Awesome sound, so profound
When it – it'll grip you
You can see it
If you hear it you can feel it too
Something special I am running to
Until then I go
Away, very far away
To another universe
Where all the people say
It's the new-new place
For the special to embrace
Like a Martian who seemingly
Wandered out of place
Take what you need
From the valley of the hope, where
Even if you drown
You'll be floating higher up, and
You can say bye, bye, bye
Sky might be falling
But remember you can fly, high
The sky might fall
The sky might fall
But I'm not worried at all
C'mon, c'mon
The sky might fall
The sky might fall
But I'm not worried at all
Hey, hey
I let 'em know somethin'
I let 'em know somethin'
I let 'em know somethin'
You can listen up, listen up, listen up, listen up
Hey, I let 'em know somethin'
I let 'em know somethin'
I let 'em know somethin'
You can listen up, listen up, listen up, listen up
I keep running, yeah
I gotta keep up, I gotta keep up, yeah
Gotta keep up, I gotta keep up
And I keep running, yeah
I gotta keep up, I gotta keep up, yeah
Gotta keep up, I gotta keep up, yeah
'Cause I'm gone
Yeah, na-na na-na, na-na na-na
I'm up, and away
Na-na, na-na
Know what I'm talkin' 'bout?
Hey, hey







Hold on, this train goin' by
Free to do what you want to do
You've got to live your life
Lotta people be thinkin', but I'm just a sayer (Sayer, sayer)
All this can't perform at Super Bowl, but it's okay for the players? (Players, players)
All these half-way movements, need a whole lotta improvement
Everybody wanna talk, everybody wanna type
Ain't nobody finna do sh–
And everybody throwin’ dirt
All that talk won’t work, all that talk don't work
Now, who you think you talkin’ to nerd?
W-w-w-w-w-wait, it get worse (Worse)
Wait, it, wait, it, wait, it been bad
Showin' up to the Grammy's mad
Tryna win some' we already had
Tryna become some’ we already are (Are)
Don't make me go Rastafar'
We doin', no tryin', no dyin', we livid, I'm livin', I get more specific
All these admirations, likes, and false validations
Feeding to our ego, talk for somethin', negro
One in four get locked up, your girlfriend get knocked up
Plan B was they Plan A, to lower the count of our families
To lower the count on our damn votes
(Your joy isn't tied to me) Let the man quote
Who dropped drones on 'em?
(Your joy isn't tied to me, yeah) Ye, don't take that tone on 'em
Don't go Watch The Throne on 'em
(Your joy isn't tied to me) Just hit a billi', he goin' on 'em
(Your joy isn't tied to me)

Party people in the place to be
You are now in the midst of a real emcee
Throw your hands in the air if you real as me
Oooooooh! OW!

Such an easy morning, we on a ride
And I'm feeling smooth as the way the Benz drive
Turn the radio down if they playing that bullshit
They don’t want black people to think and drive

I mean, my whole team 'bout to smash the streets
The Phillip Lim remind them that it’s Fashion Week
And the weather was unbearably hot
Did I mention that the sweater was a Jeremy Scott?
Did I mention G.O.O.D. Music, and forever we hot?

This goes out to the hardcore hip-hop (Can’t stop!)
You... can’t stop!
This goes out to the all core hip-hop (Can’t stop)
La la la la-la
You... can’t stop!
La la la la-la


Now tell me, do it feel good? Well, all right
Don’t worry, we gon' be here all night
And you know a nigga rep that Westside (Hanh?)
Westside (Hanh?), Westside
So t—t—tell me, who the freshest of them all?
They claiming that they fresh, they ain’t fresher than my balls
A nigga suited fresh like I'm headed to the ball
Emcee hunting season, putting heads up on the wall
I sneak-peeked ahead while we headed to the loft
Man, I always thought with the head inside my drawers
I guess that's why in school
My grades went from A's to B's to Cs
All over double-Ds, I be absent all week
This is for my niggas, all the ones I ride for (My niggas)
Man, that’s the fam, we let ‘em in through the side door
Hold on, that’s the girl you gave a wedding ring? (What?)
Man, me and my niggas nutted on her everything (Haha)

Now, put your hands up to the sky
Until the day in that we die
And we'll be here all evening
G.O.O.D. Fridays, I hope you have a nice weekend






Finally Famous in this..
It's crazy how they think you got it all figured out
Just because your bank account gets all figured out
Next time somebody try and tell you how to run your shit
And they ain't major shit
Do yourself a favor: kick 'em out
Eat good and do that, you'll live a long life
I always say long days is better than long nights
At least in the day you've got shade
In the night its all shadows, don't get caught at wrong lights
I wish somebody would have told B.I.G. that before March 9th
I used to think there's no such things as wrong rights
'Till my stepbrother brought home them extra groceries
Extra cheese, now mom could make her special recipe
But I didn't know it was off of infested streets
Now he the reason I've got to walk with my little niece to go eat
I guess that's the hunger that got me out
At the top of hotel suites renting the lobbies out, you know?
Stuntin' like a bitch, prom night me out
And the girl I've wanted since ninth grade trying to route
That was back
When
I was seventeen
It's crazy though, cause even then I thought I had
It all figured out

It's crazy how much that you can see with your eyes closed
'Specially if you've got a vision
Or how you could have everything
And still think about everything missing
Like I probably remember the times that I missed out on
More than the ones I lived
I probably remember the girls that I ain't have
More than the ones I did
But I remain a two timing, one girl on the way
Two lying and one bed-never too tired
Smoke so much I need two lighters
Shoppin overseas I do buy it, who higher?
They taught me that I had to dream, black history month
I wake up and treat the day like stack history month
I'm talkin' Malcolm Flex, Jessie Rackson
Front of the plane: I'm Rozay Parks
SUV swervin like it's O.J.'s car, oh
To me and my dogs is all gettin out
Somewhere in the club probably all liquored out
Finna take extra shots for my dogs missin' out
That keep remindin' me at the same time
That I still ain't got it all figured out
Fact, the only thing I really figured out
Is that I'll never have it all figured out, fuck
Even when your bank account is all figured out
Even when your bank account gets all figured out
Even when your best friend gets all triggered out
Even when it.. all of it... when you still ain't got....
Today I woke up and realized every day gets shorter
Every minute turns to the longest second, yet never ending
Age is nothing but a reminder and it doesn't tell you
How old or young minded someone is
Cause we all start at the same starting point of a woman's legs
But each have our own finish line
Understand it never ends, and the only way to be immortalized
Is to be remembered, hopefully from right than wrong
Better to be in the hall of fame than shame
Whether it exists for what you do or not
We create this world so we make what exists
It isn't about the award, it's about the award of being immortalized
And remembered for all the right reasons
Mistakes are forgotten, no footprints of any missteps
So when it's so late that it's early
And you need a drink even though the bar's closed
Remember why you do what you do
For the coldest drinks, the fastest cars, luxury
The adrenaline rush of creating what you think about
With who thinks about you:
Your family, your team
The joy of looking back and saying that you did it
Winning the game: hall of fame

How much they hate it? very!
Kiss girls like Katy Perry
I am never sprung, but I Spring 'er, Jerry
Don’t try this at home: results may vary
King like T.I., but in the Chi, Larry...

We killing the game, it's not fair
You muh'fuckers stay right there
'Cause we too high up in the air
We blasting off just like a laser
Nigga, pee-une, pee-une, pee-une
Get back, gimme room room room
DB9 like vroom, vroom, vroom
Young Hov', what we doin', doin', doin'?

Yeah, you know what this is
It's a celebration, bitches!
Grab a drink, grab a glass
After that I grab yo ass
Why you actin' all... shy and all?
Why is y'all... lyin' for?
"I never did this before..." Stop that
What, you want some Patron? I got that
I mean I promise y'all, you fine and all
And your girlfriend, she kinda raw
But she not like you
No, she not like you
Right now I need you to mute all the monologue
All that talking is gon' give me a Tylenol
You put a nigga to sleep, I'm tired of y'all
Right now the Louis Vuitton don is signing off
But, I just thought you should know
We hit the liquor store
Got some Cris' and some Mo'
And we about to let it floooooow, oh, oh
Had some problems before
But see we let em go
Got an ounce of that 'dro
And we about to let it bloooooow, oh, oh
Yeah, you know what this is
It's a celebration, bitches!
Grab a drink, grab a glass
After that I grab yo ass
See you know my style, I'm very wild
And I vow that my child will be well endowed
Like his daddy
And tell him that your mama had a fattie
He looked up at me
Said, "Daddy, that's the reason why you had me?"
Yep, we was practicing
'Til one day your ass bust through the packaging
You know what though? You my favorite accident
So go head pop some Cristal for my newborn child
'Cause now y'all know what this is
It's a celebration, bitches!
Grab a drink, grab a glass
After that I grab yo ass
But, I just thought you should know
We hit the liquor store
Got some Cris' and some Mo'
And we about to let it floooooow, oh, oh
Had some problems before but see we let em go
Got an ounce of that 'dro
And we about to let it bloooooow, oh
Oh, oh!
We lookin' for some hoes, hoes!
Ow!










We sell crack to our own out the back of our homes
We smell the musk of the dusk in the crack of the dawn
We go through episodes too, like Attack of the Clones
Work 'til we break our back and you hear the crack of the bone
Just to get by, just to get by, just to get by, just to get by
We commute to computers
Spirits stay mute while you egos spread rumors
We're survivalists turned to consumers
Just to get by, just to get by, just to get by, just to get by
Ask Him why some people got to live in a trailer, cuss like a sailor
I paint a picture with the pen like Norman Mailer
Mi abuela raised three daughters all by herself with no help
I think about her struggle and I find the strength in myself
These words melt in my mouth, they hot like a jail cell in the South
Before my nigga Cor' bailed me out
To get by, just to get by, just to get by, just to get by
We do or die like Bed-Stuy
Through the red sky with the window of the red eye
Let the lead fly, some G. Rap shit, Living to Let Die
This morning, I woke up
Feelin' brand new, I jumped up
Feelin' my highs and my lows
In my soul and my goals
Just to stop smokin' and stop drinkin'
I've been thinkin' I've got my reasons
Just to get by, just to get by
Just to get by, just to get by
By, by-by-by-by, by-by-by-by
By-by-by-by, by-by-by-by
Just to get by, just to get by
Just to get by, just to get by
By, by-by-by-by, by-by-by-by
By-by-by-by, by-by-by-by
Just to get by, just to get by
Just to get by, hey, hey
We keepin' it gangster, say "fo' shizzle", "fo' sheezy", and stayin' crunk
It's easy to pull a breezy, smoke trees, and we stayin' drunk
Yo, our activism, attackin' the system, the Blacks and Latins in prison
Numbers have risen, they're victims lackin' the vision
Shit, and all they got is rappin' to listen to
I let them know we missin' you, the love is unconditional
Even when the condition is critical, when the livin' is miserable
Your position is pivotal, I ain't bullshittin' you
Now, why would I lie? Just to get by?
Just to get by, we get fly, the TV got us reachin' for stars
Not the ones between Venus and Mars, the ones that be readin' for parts
Some people get breast enhancements and penis enlargers
Saturday sinners, Sunday morning at the feet of the Father
They need somethin' to rely on, we get high on
All types of drug, when all you really need is love
To get by, just to get by, just to get by, just to get by
Our parents sing like John Lennon: imagine all the people watch
We rock like Paul McCartney from now until the last Beatle drop
This morning, I woke up
Feelin' brand new, I jumped up
Feelin' my highs and my lows
In my soul and my goals
Just to stop smokin' and stop drinkin'
And I've been thinkin' I've got my reasons
Just to get by, just to get by
Just to get by, just to get by
Yo-yo-yo, yo, yo
Some people cry, and some people try
Just to get by, for a piece of the pie
You love to eat and get high
We deceive when we lie, and we keepin' it fly
When the people decide to keep a disguise
Can't see they eyes, see the evil inside
But there's people you find
Strong or feeble in mind, I stay readin' the signs
Some people cry, and some people try
Just to get by, for a piece of the pie
You love to eat and get high
We deceive when we lie, and we keepin' it fly
When the people decide to keep a disguise
Can't see they eyes, see the evil inside
But there's people you find
Strong or feeble in mind, I stay readin' the signs
Yeah, yes
I wanna be as free as the spirits of those who left
I'm talking Malcolm, Coltrane, my man Yusef
Through death grew conception, new breath and resurrection
For moms, new steps in a direction
In the right way, told her, "Inside is where the fight lay
And everything a nigga do may not be what he might say"
Chicago nights, they, stay on the mind
But I write many lives, they, lay on these lines
Wavin' signs of the times, many say the grind's on the mind
Shorties blunted-eyed and everyone wanna rhyme
Bush pushing lies, killers immortalized
We got arms but won't reach for the skies
Waiting for the Lord to rise, I look into my daughter's eyes
And realize I'ma learn through her
The Messiah might even return through her
If I'ma do it, I gotta change the world through her
Furs and a Benz, Gramps wantin 'em
Demons and old friends, Pops, they hauntin' him
The chosen one from the land of the frozen sun
Where drunk nights get remembered more than sober ones
Walk like warriors, we were never told to run
Explored the world to return to where my soul begun
Never looking back, or too far in front of me
The present is a gift, and I just wanna be (Be, be, be, be)
You know, you know
You know, you know
Uh, you know you know how the story goes
You done jocked my style, you done stole my flow
You done seen me out, you gets no hello
And you wonder why? Man you know you know
Yeah and you should let them boys know too
Show them niggas every single thing I showed you
I'm here feeling like 50 back in ’02, and everybody sayin' I'm the man, so true
Yeah but what does it take to feel secure?
A place with wooden floors and space to put awards
A couple of parking spots and maids to do the chores
The cars you always wanted, the women that you adore
Well I got it, I got it
I wonder if I'd be happy without it, I doubt it
I try not to really think about it
I made it but I'm still playin' like I'm bein' scouted 'til I'm out it
Game time bitch, I hope you're proud of us
King James shit watch me throw the powder up
This OG got my whole suite cloudin' up
And I bet you I be out of time before I'm out of luck
They ain't rootin' for me, they ain't clappin' for me
I'm only sayin can somebody just be happy for me
I really hate to say I told you so
So I bite my tongue but you know you know
You know, you know
You know, you know
Uhh, please make your long story shorter
Cause time is of the essence for the king of first quarter
Numbers do the talkin' I have nothing for reporters
I just hope we make these flights and don’t get held up at the border
Yeah, so you can spare me all the accolades
I'm the reason you can find my city on an atlas page
Half a million dollars later and my taxes paid
And I'm still spendin' money from my actin' days
Damn, life is such a lovely thing
Feel the perks that a 7 figure budget bring
Tell your girlfriend that I can pull some fuckin' strings
So we're courtside when LeBron get a fuckin' ring
Yeah, I bet I be there I be there
You see that ’62 sittin outside? That's me there
I'm jumpin to the top its my leap year, prepare
Putting in that overtime I never said it'd be fair
I'm always left wishin' I could have done it in person
My apologies to all of the ones I was hurtin'
I got new girls but none of they love is for certain
And call old girls but none of they numbers are workin'
Damn, what happened to us?
Life can always change, you have to adjust
How come when I got a party you stare at me in disgust?
They pay us just to have fun you should see that as a plus
Especially when I come flyin' through the door
And kindly ignore, the paparazzi outside tryin' to record
Why has every woman never dined here before?
Am I the only 23 year old wine connoisseur?
The Rothschilds, the Cru's, the Gajas and the Opuses
It's always nice when you're out with someone that notices
My condo got that art gallery openness
I'm just really hopin' that that isn’t what your motive is
They ain't rootin' for me, they ain't clappin' for me
I'm only sayin' can somebody just be happy for me?
I really hate to say I told you so
So I bite my tongue but you know you know
You know, you know
You know, you know














Up from the ashes, into the sky
Found a redeemer, how I survive
Voice of their mothers, Mary and Christ
Your light has healed me, blessed with new life
I could tell you, he could show you
God in Heaven, shinin' on you
Through your message, now I know you
Come to you empty, free of my pride (Ooh)


I could tell you, He can show you
God in Heaven, shinin' on you
(Shooby-doo-bop, shoo-doo-bop, I wanna love you)
Through your message, now I know you (Ooh)
I come to you empty, free of my pride


A vet stylin' in Met Gala, tuna salad from La Scala
Black sweats, swallow a lot of reefer
God, it hard to quit the bottom feeder, lobster eater
When I fast, I see Elijah's features
A million cash for a Nas feature
Nah it's cheaper, do it for free if you do it for me
52 bar verse if the beat is movin' me
Stumble through customs, coppin' Cubans at the Duty Free
Layin' on the most expensive beds, still I'm losin' sleep
Next to Jet's Beauty of the Week 1993
Chin-grabber, neck-choker, in-her-mouth-spitter
Blouse-ripper, ass-gripper, that dig-you-out nigga
I ain't gon' hold you, old head gave me old news
I don't owe you, shoulda heard when I told you
You are an extension of what I've worked hard to build
You believe in your own lies, can't be real
And the odds is that what you love can kill you
Like a heart physician who dies from a heart attack
I know the consumer behavior, I target that
You impressed with what they wearin', I started that
It's kinda terrific, the product of Slick Rick
Somebody woulda told me then I would come outta this shit rich
And start up a business, I woulda thought they was playin'
All them niggas I ran with, all that weight they was weighin'
A light bulb switched in my mind at the classes I cut
Just a spazz, puttin' wax in the blunt
The baddest I want, she wear Lipmatic to front
We building businesses, you can be mad if you want
It's bubbly 'til it's bubbles we see
Drinkin' like Dean Martin is nothin' to me
The spirits is somethin' I can't part and it's fun to be me
So cheers, here's to the Kanye production this eve
War of the Roses, it's war, baby
My nigga High said it's me, I drive 'em all crazy

You don't need me to ever write
I read your last message at least 1000 times
At least 1000, at least 1000 times
Alright, alright, alright
Why did you ever listen to
People trying to hate on you
At least you know that's nothing new
Stop everything you're doing now
'Cause baby, you're awesome
So awesome
You look too good to be at work
You feel too good to ever hurt
I hope you ready for tonight
I'm gon cook, you'll be dessert
You can't be still
You gotta move, you gotta dance
I gotta live, I gotta love
I got a hope, I got a chance
Cause baby, you're awesome
You don't need to listen to your manager
You're way too hot for them to handle you
Baby, not for nothing
I know you're looking for something
And I've got it
Why you fallin' on me
Cause I'd rather do nothing with you
Than something with somebody new
Yeah, I'd rather do nothing with you
Than something with somebody new
Stop everything you're doing now
Cause baby you're awesome
Don't let nobody bring you down
You're so awesome
You're so out the park
You're so after dark
You're so sleepless nights, oh you feel so right
Oh, you nnannanaa
I know you must be tired
From running through my mind
Can I come inside?
Cause baby you're awesome
Also, I'm also awesome, also
I'm also awesome
Y'all know
And I'd rather do nothing with you
Than something with somebody new
Yeah, I'd rather do nothing with you
Than something with somebody new
Stop everything you're doing now
Cause baby you're awesome
Don't let nobody bring you down
You're so awesome
You're so out the park, you're so after time
You're so breaking ?, oh it feels so right


Yeah, yeah
The Cool
Turn me up, uh, yeah
He came back, in the same suit that he was buried in
Similar to the one his grandfather was married in
Yes, he was still fresh to death
Bling, two earrings, a chain layin' on his chest
He still had it cause they couldn't find it
And the bullets from his enemies sat like two inches behind it
Smelled the Hennessy from when his niggas got reminded
And poured out liquor in his memory, he didn't mind it
But, he couldn't sip it fast enough
So the liquor was just fillin' the casket up
Floatin' down by his feet was the letter from his sister
Second grade handwriting simply read, "I miss ya"
Suit jacket pocket held his baby daughter's picture
Right next to it, one of his mans stuck a Swisher
He had a notion as he laid there soakin'
He saw that the latch was broken, he kicked his casket open
And he...
This life goes passing you by
It might go fast if you lie
You born, you live then you die
Oh oh oh oh
If life goes passing you by
Don't cry
If you're breaking the rules, making your moves
Paying your dues, chasing the cool
Not at all nervous as he dug to the surface
Tarnished gold chain is what he loosened up the earth with
He used his mouth as a shovel to try and hollow it
And when he couldn't dirt-spit, he swallowed it
Working like a, hmm, reverse archaeologist
Except, his buried treasure was sunshine
So when some shined through a hole that he had drove
It reflected off the gold and almost made son blind
He grabbed onto some grass and climbed
Pulled himself up out of his own grave and looked at the time
On the watch that had stopped, six months after the shots
That'd got him in the box, wringing Henny out his socks
Figured it was hours because he wasn't older
Used some flowers to brush the dirt up off his shoulder
So, with a right hand that was all bones
And no reason to stay, he decided to walk home
So he...
This life goes passing you by
It might go fast if you lie
You born, you live then you die
Oh oh oh oh
If life goes passing you by
Don't cry
If you're breaking the rules, making your moves
Paying your dues, chasing the cool
He begged for some change to get him on the train
"Damn, that nigga stank" is what they complained
Tried to light the blunt but it burst into flames
Caught the reflection in the window of what he became
A long look, wasn't shook, wasn't ashamed
Matter of fact, only thing on his brain was brains
Yeah, and gettin' back in his lane
Doin' his thang, first he had to find something to slang
Next stop was his block, it had the same cops
Walked right past the same spot where he was shot
Shocked that some lil' niggas tried to sell him rocks
It just felt weird, being on the opposite
They figured that he wasn't from there so they pulled out
And robbed him with the same gun they shot him with
Put it to his head and said, "You're scared, ain't ya?"
He said, "Hustler for death, no heaven for a gangsta"
And...
This life goes passing you by
It might go fast if you lie
You born, you live then you die
Oh oh oh oh
If life goes passing you by
Don't cry
If you're breaking the rules, making your moves
Paying your dues, chasing the cool
Yeah, uhh
Cool!
God level
Provide a new coffin
You don't see murder like this this often
God level
God level
Our father
Might as well make a new casket
God level
God level
God level
You see sharks in the water
Then they try to do nothin' but put cocks in your daughter
Don't say nothin' 'bout what Ye said
Don't move, mothafucka, play dead
Yeah, we cool, mothafucka, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah
God level
One glad morning, when this life is over, I'll fly away
To a land where joy shall never end, I'll fly away
I'll fly away, oh, glory
I'll fly away
When I die Hallelujah bye and bye
I'll fly away













They sold ya, sold ya, sold ya
They sold ya, sold ya, sold ya
They sold ya, sold ya, sold ya
They sold ya, sold ya, sold ya
They sold ya, sold ya, sold ya
They sold ya, sold ya, sold ya
They sold ya, sold ya, sold ya
They sold ya, sold ya, sold ya


They sold ya, sold ya, sold ya
They sold ya, sold ya, sold ya
They sold ya, sold ya, sold ya
They sold ya, sold ya, sold ya
They sold ya, sold ya, sold ya
They sold ya, sold ya, sold ya
They sold ya, sold ya, sold ya
They sold ya, sold ya, sold ya
Now turn it up (A little louder!)
Turn it up (A little louder!)
Turn it up (A little louder!)
Can't live my, I, I can't live my
I can't live my, I, I can't live
Turn it up (A little louder!)
I, I can't live my
Can't live my life...


My favorite girl wanna leave me just because I got a girlfriend
My freak girl told me now, she a Christian
My white girl wanna move back to Michigan (Okay)
I'm pulling girls off the bench like a sixth man
I'm in the club, doing the same ol' two step
While Omegas doing the same ol' "Q" step (Q!)
I have my money on my mind, I was thinking green
She a pledge A.K.A., she was pink and green
I want a good girl, she want a gentleman (Okay)
We saying the same thing like a synonym
I wasn't really spitting game, I was scrimmaging
My penmanship so hard it need censorship (Woo!)
I'm a Chicagoan 'til Chicago ends (Yeah!)
Till we blow like Chicago wind
I don't know what's better, getting laid or getting paid (Haha)
I just know when I'm getting one, the other's getting away
This way!






Ball so hard mothafuckas want to fine me
(That shit cray, that shit cray, that shit cray)

Ball so hard mothafuckas want to fine me
(That shit cray, that shit cray, that shit cray)
She said, "'Ye can we get married at the mall?"
I said, "Look, you need to crawl 'fore you ball
Come and meet me in the bathroom stall
And show me why you deserve to have it all"
(Ball so hard) That shit cray, ain’t it Jay? What she order, fish filet?
(Ball so hard) "Your whip so cold!" This old thing?
Act like you’ll ever be around mothafuckas like this again
Bougie girl, grab her hand, fuck that bitch she don’t wanna dance
Excuse my French but I’m in France, I’m just sayin'
Prince William ain’t do it right if you ask me
Cause if I was him I would have married Kate and Ashley
What’s Gucci, my nigga? What’s Louis, my killa?
What’s drugs, my deala? What’s that jacket, Margiela?
Doctors say I’m the illest, cause I’m suffering from realness
Got my niggas in Paris and they going gorillas, huh!
I don't even know what that means
(No one knows what it means, but it's provocative)
No it's not, it's gross
(Gets the people going!)
Ball so hard mothafuckas want to fine me
(That shit cray, that shit cray, that shit cray)
You are now watching the throne, don't let me get in my zone
Don't let me get in my zone, don't let me get in my zone
These other niggas is lyin, actin’ like the summer ain’t mine
(I got that hot bitch in my home) You know how many hot bitches I own?
Don't let me in my zone, don't let me in my zone
Don't let me in my zone, don't let me in my zone
The stars is in the building, they hands is to the ceiling
I know I’m 'bout to kill it, how you know? I got that feeling
You are now watching the throne, don't let me into my zone
Don't let me in my zone (I’m definitely in my zone)









Oh, ho-ho-ho!
I knew I was gon' see, I knew I was gon' see you again! Knew I was gon' see you again!
Where your goddamn book bag at?
Always carryin' that lil' book bag, nobody wants to see that!
Goddamn 4th grader, sit your ass down!
He wanna play it again like he got somethin' else to do
You ain't got somethin' else to do!
You ain't doin' nothin' wit' your life, notin' wit' your life!
You think this is?
You better look at me when I'm talkin' to you!
You think this shit easy, don't you?
You think this is promised!
Well ain't nothin' promised to you!
Look at my face, do I got a promised face?
Does it look like I promised you anything?
Kanye, nigga-is you snorin' in my class?
Wake up Mr. West!
Wake up Mr. West!






Cudder (Kid Cudi)
Doug E. Fresh
Cyhi The God (Cyhi The Prynce)
Big Boy
Young Lord VLONE
Ricky A.
Bu
EEMA
Dion Watkins
Puff Daddy
A-Trak
Teyana Taylor
World Famous (Tony Williams)
A$AP Flacko Jodye (A$AP Rocky)
David Moses
Da Vinci World Group
El DeBarge
The-Dream
Richie Akiva
Travi$ (Scott)
Chance (The Rapper)
Minister Bentley (Fonzworth Bentley)
Vic Mensa
Elon... (Elon Rutberg)
KoKo (Khloé Kardashian)
Sox
TK
Kirk Franklin
Mr. Sandifer (Sakiya Sandifer)
Federico Spadoni
Swizz (Beatz)
Malik Yusef
Earl (Sweatshirt)
Bibi Bourelly
DJ Dodger Stadium
Kourtney Kardashian
Kim (Kardashian)
Gee Roberson
Kyle J. Ross
C. Heat
Andre 3000
Kylie (Jenner)
Vanessa Beecroft
T Mills
AG
Vicious
A. Dawson
Joey G
Tyler (, the Creator)
Mike Dean
Plain Pat
Noah G (Noah Goldstein)
Kilhoffer (Anthony Kilhoffer)








A hunnid years from now we gon' all be dead, all be dead
All be dead, so tonight, bitch, I might as well get head




A hunnid years from now we gon' all be dead, all be dead
All be dead, so tonight, bitch, I might as well get head
A hunnid years from now, we gon' all be dead, all be dead (Boom)
So tonight, I might as well get head


A hunnid years from now we gon' all be dead, all be dead (Boom)
All be dead, so tonight, bitch, I might as well get head
A hunnid years from now we gon' all be dead, all be dead (Boom)
So tonight, I might as well get head


Guess who's bizack? Back on the block with them O's
Face Mob, Mack Mittens and Hov'
Don't make me relapse, back to the block with the four
'Cause this street shit is all I know


Guess who's bizack? Back on the block with them O's
Face Mob, Mack Mittens and Hov'
Don't make me relapse, back to the block with the four
'Cause this street shit is all I know
And I can see it with my eyes closed, now
Feeling like my life froze
I’m about to hit the ground
I sold my soul to the devil: that's a crappy deal
Least it came with a few toys like a Happy Meal
This game you could never win
Cause they love you then they hate you then they love you again
Get away from me misery
Get away from me loneliness
Get away from me fake bitches, I can’t take the phoniness
Get away from me wack tracks
I can only make only hits
I’m an only child lost in the World
Where do the lonely kids go when the bell ring?
It's feeling like Hell rings
Bringing me back down
Checking my background
Its ironic whats happening
Imagine if I didn’t have the ends
I wouldn't have so many imaginary friends
I’m spaced out Dogg, I be on that moon talk
Wonder if God ask Mike how to moonwalk
I swear to momma wish me and my father talk more
I stopped visiting around the time I was a sophomore
I guess everything I hate about me I see in him
And we ain’t finna change, so we’ll never agree again
Till then I’ll be pouring out my soul
Just a few things I see with my eyes closed
And I can see it with my eyes closed, now
Feeling like my life froze
I’m about to hit the ground
I sold my soul to the devil
I know its a crappy deal
At least it came with a few toys
Like a Happy Meal
I’m spaced out dog
I be on that moontalk
I wonder if God asked Mike how to Moonwalk?
You know the entertainment Angels
Adriana for Giselle
Let's exchange Angels
Photoshoot at my crib
Lets exchange angles
Rockin nothin but them Tom Binns bangles
My heart so anxious, gettin' anxiety
Begging one of these fuckin fashion houses to hire me
They say I’ve been an asshole
I said if you acquire me
I can be a quiet me, call it verbal dieting
Give me your herbal chai tea
I’ll be calm as Tai Chi
With a bad white bitch like Ice-T
I’m not right dog, I’m slightly off
I’m paranoid; like bonin’ raw dog
And wakin up with a slight cough
Yea, that’ll make ya dick quite soft
Plus my neck hurt too lemme take all this ice off
Never meant to hurt you, I should’ve took nights off
But it cost too much to live and I never took the price off
And I can see it with my eyes closed, now
Feeling like my life froze
I’m about to hit the ground

Soul
Oh, Let go, let go of your ego
Don't lose your soul
Sail your soul
Sailing soul

I sold my soul to the devil thats a crappy deal
Least it came with a few toys like a happy meal
This game you could never win
Cause they love you then they hate you then they love you again
Get away from me loneliness
Get away from me misery
Get away from me fake bitches, I can’t take the phoniness
Get away from me whack tracks
I can only make only hits
I’m an only child lost in the World
Where did the lonely kids go when the bell rings
It's feeling like hell rings
Bringing me back down
He's checking my background
It's ironic whats happening, imagine if I didn’t have the ends
I wouldn't have so many imaginary friends
I’m spaced out dog, I be on that Moon talk
Wonder if God ask Mike how to moonwalk
I swear to momma wish me and my father talk more
I stopped visiting around the time I was a sophomore
I guess everything I hate about me I see in him
And I ain’t finna change, so we'll never agree again
Just a few things pouring out my soul
Rosewood, we can see out with our eyes closed
G.O.O.D. Music
Yeah
Millzy, I see you
T told me do this shit
So I'mma do this shit
No Ceilings!
Yeah, hahah
I'mma run this town tonight
Alright now
Nigga, we are so ready for the war
C-A-R-T-E-R, put the beat in ER
I'm colder than B-R, add another three Rs
Watch me like DVD/VCR
Pump to your chest, I ain't talking CPR
Riding this track like a motherfucking street car
New Orleans coroner, his name is Frank Minyard
Fuck with me wrong, you’ll be waking up in his yard
Man, I go crazy on the beat, I go Nimrod
Man, I act a ass, treat the beat like a hemorrhoid
Man, I go to work on the beat, call it employed
Man, I kicks it, bitch, get your shin guard
Young Money run this, towns, countries
I still eat rappers; mmm, scrumptious
My goons tote thumpers, they pump 'em like krumpers
Anybody beat, I'm gon' go Archie bonkers
Tunechi be the wildest, let's run the metropolis
I pop like lollies, you drop like eyelids
The money keep calling, I hear the shit dialing
And they say money talks, you can hear my shit hollering
You softer than ny-lin; oops, I meant nylon
Perfection is the goal and I’m headed to the pylon
Crown fit me good, I ain’t even got to try on
The pistol mean business, that bitch should have a tie on
T done told me do this shit, so I had to do this shit
I get superhero money, call a nigga "super rich"
Keep it "super" for a while, let me get on my "super" shit
Super ill, super sick, dog, I go super Vick
Ran into a super-woman, turned her to a super bitch
Hit her with that super dick, she be coming super quick
Super Millz, Mack, Tyga, Streets, Neli, Super Nick
Super Drizzy, Gudda, Chuckee, Twist, that's the super-clique
Now I’m off that "super" shit, fuck that shit, I super quit
Running circles 'round the game like a hula hoop and shit
You're gonna have to loop this shit, there won’t be a duplicate
And my blunts be super thick, I'm higher than a Supra kick
I’m the bomb, baby, watch me nuke this shit
When I leave the booth, they gotta scoop this shit
My apologies, diabolically
I’m the prodigy, do you roger me?
I look in the flames and see a hotter me
But how come I’m still colder than commonly
Yeah we run this town, like a lot of feet
Young Mula, baby; I'm proud of me
And I wanna show you how you all look like beautiful stars tonight
Oh he sounding good!
They say we can't be livin' like this for the rest of our lives
Well we gon' be livin' like this for the rest of tonight
And you know they gon' be bangin' this shit
For the rest of our lives, so live fast (live fast)
And die young (die young), live fast (live fast)
And die young (die young), live fast, and die young

They say we can't be livin' like this for the rest of our lives
Well we gon' be livin' like this for the rest of tonight
And you know they gon' be bangin' this shit
For the rest of our lives, so live fast (live fast)
And die young (die young), live fast (live fast)
And die young (die young), live fast, and die young
For all my young ladies ladies that drivin' Miss Daisy
Drivin' me crazy, rock the beat, baby
Hop up out the (ERR!) she eat up the pavement
I don't give a (ERR!) baby, he crazy
I'm back by unpopular demand
'Least he still poppin' in Japan, shoppin' in Milan
Hoppin' out the van, screams from the fans
"Yeezy, always knew you'd be on top again!"
And we 'bout to hit Jacob the Jeweler
So I can be like Slick Rick, and rule ya
Dr. Martin Louis the King, Junior
And I'mma never let the dream turn to Kruegers
My outfit so disrespectful
You can go 'head and sneeze cause my presence blessed you
I mean, we walked in this bitch so stylish
Niggas done mistook me for my stylist
And I know it's superficial and you say it's just clothes
But we shoppin' in that motherfucker and they just closed
So go ahead and just pose
When she walked up out the dressing room, the store just froze
And I know they tryna get they cool back
And them ghetto bitches hollin' "How you do that?"
Uhh, so they could never say we never lived it
And if I see Biggie tonight, I loved every minute
They say we can't be livin' like this for the rest of our lives
Well we gon' be livin' like this for the rest of tonight
And you know they gon' be bangin' this shit
For the rest of our lives, so live fast
And die young, live fast
And die young, live fast, and die young

They say we can't be livin' like this for the rest of our lives
Well we gon' be livin' like this for the rest of tonight
And you know they gon' be bangin' this shit
For the rest of our lives, so live fast, and die young
Live fast, and die young, live fast, and die young
If ever you're listening
If ever you're listening
If ever you're listening
If ever you're listening
If heaven's a prison
Then I am your prisoner
Yes, I am your prisoner
I messed up, ooh
I know now
There's no room for me to play now
Nowhere to dig my way out
My vital organs are beating through
My ribcage opened, my heart ballooned
I... I've lost another one
I'm on the floor trying to dress my wounds
Address the fact it was mine to lose
I... I didn't try enough
And when I'm left without your love
It could feel like a lifetime baby
And somewhere in the start we had it alright
Sunshine and blue skies, yes I recall
But now there's a darker blue
I'm bleeding and you don't care
The sun sinks and you're not there
If ever you're listening
If heaven's a prison
Then I am your prisoner
Yes, I am your prisoner
I messed up, ooh
I know now
There's no room for me to play now
Nowhere to dig my way out
My brother always said I'm a dreamer, dreamer
You better watch out where this life will lead ya
And he always said she's a keeper keeper
She'll stay by your side when the rest will leave ya
Well I'm looking on my left side, I'm looking on my right
She's nowhere to be seen now when I close my eyes at night
Dreaming, surely you will find me by the shore
I'm singing so blindly, can you hear me?
Can you find me?
If you find me, wanna tell you I love you so
I wanna tell you that love comes and goes
That it comes and goes
I hear the footsteps in the water and I feel the breeze
I open my eyes and no words, no words...
I wish that I listened when I was in prison
Now I'm just a visitor
I came to the gates but you turned me away
You asked me what am I waiting for
I'm waiting 'cause I fucked up, ooh
I got thrown out
I don't know which way to go now
Don't know which way is home now
If ever you're listening
If heaven's a prison
Then I am your prisoner
Yes, I am your prisoner
I messed up, oh
I know now
There's no room for me to play now
Nowhere to dig my way out
Uh, uh, uh
Uh, uh, uh
Uh, uh, uh
Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh
Uh, uh, uh
Uh, uh, uh
Uh, uh, uh
Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh

Put a stack on it, huh, put a MAC on it, huh
In the black on it, huh, bullet tracks on it, huh
And I'm black on ‘em, huh, and we back on ‘em, huh
On a map on ‘em, huh, got a stack on ‘em, oh
Hunnid thou’ on it, huh, hunnid stacks on it, huh
Hunnid been-backs on it, huh, to the max on it, huh
Dealin’ facts on it, huh, now my facts on it, huh
On the dacts on it, huh, all the facts on it, huh

The world is up for seizin', there's somethin' for a reason
They just talk, don’t read it, I lead on some, nah, don’t lead it
More or so, what you leave with? I got somethin' for you to leave with
What they tell 'em, don't believe it
Tell me what you believe in, tell me what you believe in
Grand Theft Auto, Grand Theft Auto, we in a game, we in a game
Grand Theft Auto, Grand Theft Auto, we all the same, we all the same
Money ain't real, time ain't real, money ain't real, time ain't real
Money ain't real, time ain't real, guess to what, you never get killed

Uh, uh, uh
Uh, uh, uh
Uh, uh, uh
Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh

Dear ones, we are looking to bring you enlightenment
To offer illumination in stormy skies
We are here as beings of light
Benevolent, invested in humanity and her evolution


Alien, magical, flyin', and all
Being, I got her signed on
Beam me up, I'm 'bout to sign off
Dumber now, need to take time off
Dumber now, I don't believe the time
Should have gone, man, I believe they lyin' (Get a mic, huh)
Sign, do you believe in science?
Bigger sign, bet they gon' bleed now
Aliens, double to sign off
Better time, 'bout to take time off
I don't believe in time, I just believe in science
Order a bleeding nine, tell her, "Don't leave tonight"
Alien, being 'bout to fly out
Took her out, order her something with eyes out
They was done, we the one, we just on
Louis thong, Lebanon, we become, what they done?
Duh-na-na, duh, feel it, feel it, feel it
This ain't our planet, that's why I kill it
Kill it, animals, kill it, ozone, kill it
Blood, spill it, somethin' you deal with
Alien, took the time off, I just took time off
Fly up, a pyramid, dunked on, Vesuvius
No bro, serious, I'm dead, serious





How long you niggas ball? All day, nigga
How much time you spent at the mall? All day, nigga
How many...do you got on call? All day, nigga
Swish, swish...they keep you in court? All day, nigga
Take you to get this fly? All day, nigga
Tell your P.O. how-how long you been high? All day, nigga
You already know I’m straight from the Chi, all day, nigga
South, south side! All day, nigga
This Ye, nigga
Shoppin' for the winter and it’s just May, nigga
Ball so hard, man, this shit cray, nigga
And you ain't gettin' money 'less you got eight figures
Talkin' big face, nigga
Put yo' ass back of pocket like a switch blade, nigga, uh
I ain't tryna play, nigga
Got a middle finger longer than Dikembe, my nigga, uh
All day, nigga
'Ye in the building like a hallway, nigga
Still got the hundred with the small face, nigga
Might spend 50 racks on my off day, nigga
Might...naturally all day, nigga
If...have Allstate with you, uh
You a Rico Suave nigga
Ride 'round listen to Sade, nigga
Ride 'round something and it's all day, nigga
You an actor, you should be on Broadway, nigga
Cause you do shit the broad way, nigga
Your bitch got a ass, but my broad way thicker
...then booked it like the Barclays Center, uh





Hey, do you have any black inside you?
Would you like some? (Would you like some?)
Ha, you know you got a right to do whatever you like to
Don C, we got the right one, that right one
In the club, always the flyest, always got her hands the highest
She stopped drinking Diet Coke, she on that coke diet
She bat, she bat her eyelids, that girl is so wired
I know she so tired, but ooh, she on fire
Hundred dollar bills, look at you, look at you
A hundred dollar bills, this ain't new, this ain't new
From that Paris, Lindsay, Britney, Mary-Kate and Whitney
People say that they clean, motherfucker, don't bullshit me










Her heels set the mood, where did you acquire those Alaïas?
When I met you I heard Jesus, bells, strings and the choir
I got lines that's better than niggas' albums, plural
The king of the urban make your shit sound rural
She said I hit it so deep she need a epidural
Them other niggas have you looking like a squirrel
Now that's nuts
I only hang with white boys that like black sluts
Tell them Plain Pat yo that track sucks, we ain't dissing you
But you in the position to play something for us to listen to
I'm trying to worry about my scratch minus the crabs
I ain't stopping for you niggas like yellow cabs
I got scripts so why we need a movie?
And if I'm a douche, then put me in your coochie
I swear they shoulda never gave these niggas loose leaf
And excuse me if I'm trapped by the boobies
Booby trap, holla back





Let me know if you're feelin' lonely

Feelin' lonely
Let me know if you're feelin' crazy
I guess all that stuff they told me
In my life was extra shady
I should've kept 'em waitin'
Say hello to the mula
I'm on top, no lie
Say hello to the mula
I'm on top, good night

Feelin' lonely
Let me know if you're feelin' crazy
I guess all that stuff they told me
In my life was extra shady
I should've kept 'em waitin'
Say hello to the mula
I'm on top, no lie
Say hello to the mula
I'm on top, good night
Chuck! Chuck! Chuck! Nigga I know you see me!
Felicia what the fuck you want?
Ooh please can I borrow your car?
Borrow my car? Bitch are you stupid or somethin'?
Well give me a quarter piece then
Bitch I don't sell crack no more
Well give me some money or something I can take around your brother house and trade
I ain't got shit
What about this iPod and them Dre Beats, you don't need that shit, don't you know that nigga or somethin'?
So?
Please, I'll suck your dick for this shit
Bitch you can have this shit, I don't want my dick sucked by no motherfuckin' smoker
Oh okay, thank you then. You know I would have sucked your dick for it anyways with your fine ass
Felicia get the fuck away from my car
Okay, what is you listenin' to on this shit anyway?
Bitch press play

I walked in the crib, got two kids
And my baby mama late (uh oh! uh oh! uh oh!)
So I had to did, what I had to did
'Cause I had to get (duh-ough! duh-ough! duh-ough!)
I'm up all night, getting my money right
Until the blue and whites (po po! po po! po po!)
Now the money comin' slow, but a least a nigga know
Slow motion better than (no-oh! no-oh! no-oh!)

I walked in the crib, got two kids
And my baby mama late (uh oh! uh oh! uh oh!)
So I had to did, what I had to did
'Cause I had to get (duh-ough! duh-ough! duh-ough!)
I'm up all night, getting my money right
Until the blue and whites (po po! po po! po po!)
Now the money comin' slow, but a least a nigga know
Slow motion better than (no-oh! no-oh! no-oh!)

I walked in the crib, got two kids
And my baby mama late (uh oh! uh oh! uh oh!)
So I had to did, what I had to did
'Cause I had to get (duh-ough! duh-ough! duh-ough!)
I'm up all night, getting my money right
Until the blue and whites (po po! po po! po po!)
Now the money comin' slow, but a least a nigga know
Slow motion better than (no-oh! no-oh! no-oh!)
I, I know I could make it right
If I could just swallow my pride
But I can't run away or put my gun away
You can't front on me
I, no I can't let it ride
No, no, not tonight
See I can't run away or put my gun away
You can't front on me

I, I know I could make it right
If I could just swallow my pride
But I can't run away or put my gun away
You can't front on me
I, no I can't let it ride
No, no, not tonight
See I can't run away or put my gun away
You can't front on me
I, I know I could make it right
If I could just swallow my pride
But I can't run away or put my gun away
You can't front on me
I, no I can't let it ride
No, no, not tonight
See I can't run away or put my gun away
You can't front on me




I make a lot of new different money
Trap overnight like it's fifty summie
Finesse up the plug while gettin', I'm gettin' blunted
Caliber, caliber, caliber
Caliber, caliber, get somebody
Caliber, caliber, sick somebody
Caliber, caliber, rip somebody
Caliber, caliber, caliber
I make a lot of new different money
All my killas pull up and they gettin' blunted
Finna drink up the mud, now I'm gettin' mudded
Caliber, caliber, caliber
Caliber, caliber, hit somebody
Silencer, silencer, ring somebody
Outy boy, outy boy in an Audi
Free my boy, white boy gon get 'em
Free my boy white, go get him Follie
All this lean I poured, I should get a Molly
Sniff the coco right up cause your bitch got problems
Wildin' boy, wildin' boy, wildin' boy
Life of Desiigner be stylin' boy
You gettin' hit up, I get annoyed
Mike on the wheel and I drive the toy
You get robbed or get jigg or you got extort
Tell 'em talk shit, tell 'em talk shit, I'ma keep throwin'
That's your bitch, that's your bitch, that be deep throatin'
We be swipin' cards, we be gettin' money, there's weed blowin'
That's lean drippin', we lean drippin', that's cee-lo in
We be rollin' 6s, tell 'em roll with me
You gon' go get it? We gon' go get 'em
All my niggas got it, all my niggas with it
We got bad strippers, we got niggas with it
Gheea, gheea!
I make a lot of new different money
Trap overnight like it's fifty summie
Finesse out the plug while gettin', I'm gettin' cuddie
Caliber, caliber, caliber
Caliber, caliber, get somebody
Caliber, caliber, hit somebody
Caliber, caliber, rip somebody
Caliber, caliber, caliber
I make a lot of new different money
Chopper bananas like 50 something
Finesse out the plug while gettin', I'm gettin' blunted
Caliber, caliber, caliber
Caliber, caliber, get somebody
Caliber, caliber, hit somebody
Caliber, caliber, rip somebody
Caliber, caliber, caliber
I make a...







Throw your hands in the sky right now
(Alors on danse)
Throw your hands in the sky right now
It's going down
Unfortunately for the rest of ya’ll
I’m way better than the best of all
And even though they focus on just the flaws
They still gonna annihilate the festivals
And we still gonna sip Dom Perignon
And still gonna eat the filet mignon
Yeah, yeah, yeah I’ve been known to cover up my eyes
With the Ray Beons

Flashing lights, the stress of life
Its way too much to handle in one night
Live this life like there’s no tomorrow
Wake up in Paris with a Russian model
Throw your hands in the sky
If anybody got five dollars in your pocket right now
I call this club Titanic
Why? 'Cause it’s going down




Bad Trinidadian, need to let daddy in
If I need to spend some cash, fuck it, then, I'm zaddy, then
She in love with a man she can't be with
But she know that pussy gon' leave him seasick
Every time she round, she get treat like the sidekick
Until that side chick went and got some side dick
Sun-kissed princess, gold toe ring
Smacker lip gloss, backside swole thing



No fade outs




All the haters hating, wait a minute, stand on dat side
I don't need no allies, I don't feel the need to fraternize
Yeezys in the field, Yeezys, Yeezys in the field now
Made it to the NBA, we in the NFL now
All the haters hating, wait a minute, stand on dat side
Moved into a neighborhood where I'm the only black guy
People claim they praying for you, really, they be preying on you
All this shit is weighing on you, don't look back, they gaining on you
"'Ye, look down, they aiming for you, all this shit is draining on you
And the people claim to know you, put 'em on, get famous on you
Then they go and blame it on you, you just good, they can't ignore you"
Don't respect who came before 'em and made they lane so I
Pulled a Lambo out and then I went and got it baptized
Moved into a neighborhood where I'm the only black guy
Neighbors said they think I gave the neighborhood a black eye
They too worried 'bout what I'm doing so I gotta keep my grass high














Uh, we got the black elite in the house tonight
Rosewood
I feel like I'm at the NAACP or something right now
The Essence Festival
Q-Tip on the beat too, uh, uh
My chain heavy, yeah, yeah, my chain heavy
My chain heavy, my chain too heavy
My chain heavy, yeah, yeah, my chain heavy
My chain heavy, my chain too heavy
They try to tell me my chain broke the levee
Maybe 'cause it's flooded
Why you walk around with a baby cross's cousin?
My teeth already white, y'all gon' make me floss for nothing
My teeth real diamonds, what's the cause of the frontin'?
Why y'all got all caps on?
Don Cheadle time, get extra black on 'em
Burn, Hollywood, burn
Take too long for niggas to get they turn
Probably be cremated before I get my earn
They try to tell me that aliens built the pyramids
I swear life's a bitch on her period
For every inch they cut the nose off the Sphinx
I make my jeweller add a few more links
You can look at me, tell I ain't fuck what nobody think
And my face always lookin' like somebody stinks
My chain heavy, yeah, yeah, my chain heavy
My chain heavy, my chain too heavy
My chain heavy, yeah, yeah, my chain heavy
My chain heavy, my chain too heavy
Here we go, like we should
Feel the sweat, on your face
Here we go, like we should
Feel the sweat, on your face
Alright, okay
Here we go, like we should
Like we should, like we should
Like we should
Question:
What color was the skin of the man who beared the cross?
No matter how many lashes, they couldn't beat it off
How many Cassius' will we see in one lifetime?
That's why it's Miles Davis, Kobe, it's Mike time
I keep that GOAT book on the ottoman
And wrote hooks about slaves that was slaughtered
In the 1800s; y'all forget that
I got called "Nigga" on Twitter so many times, yo, I lived that
Now I'm just tryna find where to raise my kids at
'Cause they don't want niggas next to where they crib at
Hey, realtor, I'm lookin' for a nice park
Twelve noon, she said my family gon' make it too dark
This is the flow that solar eclipses
So hopefully one day that real soul will eclipse
The bullshit they got us listenin' to, in this existence
Don't give up now, just a little more persistence
I am the day Ice Cube met Michael Jackson
Keep 'em away, hanh! Something might happen
This is the makin' of a masterpiece
So we broke out the chains and told the master, "Peace!"
My chain heavy, yeah, yeah, my chain heavy
My chain heavy, my chain too heavy
My chain heavy, yeah, yeah, my chain heavy
My chain heavy, my chain too heavy
Here we go, like we should
Feel the sweat, on your face
Here we go, like we should
Feel the sweat, on your face
Alright, okay
Here we go, like we should
Like we should, like we should
Like we should


My chain heavy, yeah, yeah, my chain heavy
My chain heavy, my chain too heavy
My chain heavy, yeah, yeah, my chain heavy
My chain heavy, my chain too heavy
Here we go, like we should
Feel the sweat, on your face
Here we go, like we should
Feel the sweat, on your face
Alright, okay
Here we go, like we should
Like we should, like we should
Like we should
World's... world's... world's famous
World's... world's... world's famous
You're now listening to (girl)
Skateboard P and the Louis Vuitton Don (I'm back)
It's so unfair, it's so unreasonable
Let's go




Yesterday I was half the man you see
Baby thats because you the other half of me
You my number 1 hit on the line of the charts
I'mma FedEx my love and have you sign for my heart
For my number 1 I keep ya dumb fly
Fresh to death you like after death
I resurrected my gold Jesus of Nazareth
Now we Fresh as a Prince while they Jazzy Jeff
And you don't be sayin shit when they askin questions
A-a-and you be givin' me my space a-a-and
You don't be runnin' on MySpace a-a-and
You know some other shit I hate w-w-what
W-w-when they violate b-but
Tonight man I ain't in the mood for it
Don't matter who wore it, you wore it
Look how ya co-or-dinated man that's my favorite
I love the way that it

World's... world's... world's famous (you're my number 1 girl)
World's... world's... world's famous (you're my number 1 girl)
World's... world's... world's famous (you're my number 1 girl)
World's... world's... world's famous (you're my number 1 girl)

I wish I could give you this feeling
I wish I could give this feeling, uh-uh
Uh-uh-ugh, on the corners, niggas robbing, killing
Dying, just to make a living, huh?


I wish I could give you this feeling
I wish I could give this feeling, uh-uh
Uh-uh-ugh, on the corners, niggas robbing, killing
Dying, just to make a living, huh?


I wish I could give you this feeling
I wish I could give this feeling, uh-uh
Uh-uh-ugh, on the corners, niggas robbing, killing
Dying, just to make a living, huh?

Yeah, I'm a creative genius
And there's no other way to word it
I know you're not supposed to say that about yourself
And I say things the wrong way a lot of times
But my intention is always positive
"You're... you're a genius, you really are
You're a genius"
I know




Now that all the smoke is gone (lighter)
And the battle's finally won (give me a lighter)
Victory’s finally ours (Lighters up, lighters up)
History so loved, so long, so long, so long

Now that all the smoke is gone (lighter)
And the battle's finally won (give me a lighter)
Victory’s finally ours (Lighters up, lighters up)
History so loved, so long, so long, so long

Now that all the smoke is gone (lighter)
And the battle's finally won (give me a lighter)
Victory’s finally ours (Lighters up, lighters up)
History so loved, so long, so long, so long

J.U.S.T.I.C.E. League

Martin, Louie the King Jr
Startin' all that stuntin' is gon' ruin you
If B.I. was alive, he'd prob'ly have the 2-tone
With the Grey Poupon, anything 'Ye poop on
Will explode, 'cause I am the shit, and this is my commode
Uh-oh, there they go
Talking 'bout how your boy's clothes extra tight
I just remembered that my limelight extra bright
I hit the strip club and girls get extra hype
You hit the strip club and girls turn extra dyke
We know who not getting no sex tonight
And a lap dance'd probably be a blessin', right?
So all the shit you talking dead, coffin
Like the weed, coughing, new crib, loft in
Where it's at? Austin, where is that? Texas
What's in front? Benzes, what else? Lexus
Well, who's Maybach is this? Mr. West's!







La-la-la-laaaa, la lala la lalaaaa
Now I am (Here's to the Roc')
Hey and they ask and they ask and they ask and I tell them
(Here's to Roc-a-Fella) It's the Fayettenam
Raise your glasses, your glasses, your glasses to the sky and
(Here's to the Roc')
This is the last call for alcohol
This is the warm-up
Now to the few niggas out there who heard my last shit
Which if I must say so myself that was a classic
I never been the type to ride my own coat tail
But it's obvious I'm here to stay, a fucking hotel
I came up, I warmed up
The next up, I blow up!
If you ain't peep the trend by now with each rap I go up
Look all he wanted was a deal so when he got it he just faded
But tell me what's a deal when you want to be the greatest?
So Jay I appreciate it, hell of a stepping stone
Wonder if he see it in my eyes I'm trying to get the throne
Wonder if the people know how many nights I spent alone
Making beats writing rhymes, thinking deep fighting time
I'm getting better but wasn't getting younger
And all that time can make the most confident nigga wonder
But never doubt it or allowed that shit to phase me yo
Just switch my thoughts up like the stations on the radio nigga now I am
And they ask and they ask and they ask and I tell them
It's the Fayettenam
Put your glasses and your glasses and your glasses to the sky
This is the last call for alcohol
This is the warm-up!
So get your back up off the wall
Now may I never slip up or let my grip up
I know my girl be praying Lord just keep his pants zipped up -
Now if some groupie bitch is on his dick then make it's stiff up, at least give the nigga common sense to wrap his dick up
Toast, let’s lift up our glasses, then sip up
We fly past they look up
They don't last they give up
They don't blast we clip up then empty
And indeed we hit the target yes these niggas think they the shit and they ain't even farted yet
Style incomplete like a garbage ass quarterback
My offense is for real, ay fuck sack, niggas getting coffined in the Ville
Way too often and it feels wrong
New York niggas fuck with me, I got 'em singing Ville songs
Guess it's only right because we grew up singing they shit
Big shit, Mase shit, Nas shit, Jay shit
Time for a Carolina nigga to take his place with the greats
A slim nigga making bold statement
Uh, ay J. Cole how you do that there? I hear you blowing up my nigga
I'm like, true that yea
In NY but smile every time I flew back there
That Carolina, Fayettenam oh yea my crew back there
I go home been so long they saying, you back here? -
Took a turn for the worst boy don't move back here
Don't do that, yo who dat?
He rep the Ville when he spit it told you he be back with a record deal and he did it
Nigga, fuck spinning on my pivot homie, I'm finna travel till 'refs blow the whistle on me
I got a whole fucking city that's just sitting on me
But it fits on my back, my state is sitting on that
Will I drop? I think not I get up while they stop-like a sleeve on tank tops
They ain't give it all they got so they flop
So hey watch, how I'm finna take their spot
Now I'm starting and they not-let me show you how to stay hot
I play not, man I'm killing em even your idols feeling em dog
The same nigga used to chill in the mall
While they were still in the mall, I was up there spilling my rap
The hero fighting villains just to put the Ville on the map
And they ask and they ask and they ask and I tell them
It's the Fayettenam
Put your glasses and your glasses and your glasses to the sky
This is the last call for alcohol
This is the warm-up!
So get your back up off the wall
Yeah man so shit, this was The Warm Up
Um, what can I say, what can I say?
If you heard The Come Up that was about just a lil nigga from North Carolina man
Fayettnam to be exact
Moved to NYC, chasing the dream
I used college, if y'all niggas don't know, I used college as a tool to get to New York
I ain't have no family up here or nothing like that, I came up here on a scholarship, nigga went to college
And the whole time I ain't even think I would have to finish college, I just thought I'd be signed by my freshman year so I wouldn't have to finish college
But it didn't happen like that obviously, a nigga graduated and things started falling into place
I got more focused, I dropped The Come Up
And I look at The Come Up like, how kinda like how I was in high school
Just picture this, The Warm Up is about a nigga who did not make the team when he tried out and I know it's a lotta niggas who know that feeling man
You try out, you think you deserve to be one the team and you go that day to look at the cut-list
You wake up and you can't even sleep, you're like, "Damn I'm gon' make the team, I did my thing at tryouts."
You go to the list. All the niggas is looking at their names on the list, some niggas is like, "Aww shit I see my name nigga I'm good, I'm good nigga I'm good, I see my name."
And you're looking for your name, and you kinda play in the back, tryna wait for niggas to clear out cause you're not sure
And you go to the list and your name ain't there
And you're like, "How the fuck did I not make this team? I'm better than him, I'm better than him, I'm better than him."
So a lotta niggas either quit or some niggas go harder and so that's kinda how I took the rap shit when I put out The Come Up
Cause ever since I was 15 I thought I was supposed to be signed
But you know, shit, everything happens for a reason
So shit fast forward to The Warm Up, this just me, like you know, me being that nigga that's practicing and making sure it's no way, it's undeniable that when I go to tryouts, there's no fucking way the coach is passing up on me, my nigga
So that's what this whole mixtape was about and lo and behold, you know
As I'm finishing the mixtape, the deal comes
Thank God, I'm blessed. Everything happens for a reason. And it couldn't have been with a more fucking, with a better fucking squad
You know the niggas I got on the squad if you listen to this then you might have heard who I signed with, I ain't even gon' blast it off like that
Shoutouts to, you know, Mark Pitts, definitely
Shoutout to my nigga Mike Rooney, my nigga E, shoutout to my whole fucking crew, man
That's The Warm Up is about man
RG what's good, Mike Shaw, my nigga Mez, Mez held me down, nigga
More than anybody in the whole fucking, in the whole crew, honestly
So shit, let's get it, man
We got a lotta shit for '09, '010, '011, '0 goddamn 35
That's all I got man, that's The Warm Up
I made the team
So when you go from making the team, now what you gotta do nigga, you gotta start
You gotta be a starter, you gotta make it to college
You gotta make it from college to the league, nigga
Trust me, I ain't get no deal and fucking relax man
I feel like I ain't made it yet period nigga
And that's all I really gotta say yo, it's The Warm Up
Thank you for listening man
Yeah
"This is the operator with a collect call from: 'Emory Jones'
To accept the charges, press 1 now"











Louder, louder, louder, louder, louder, louder
Louder, louder, Yeah
Yeah, it's for the people



This is street ra-dio, for unsung heroes
Riding in they regal, trying to stay legal
My daughter found Nemo, I found the new primo
Ye' you know how we do, we do it for the people


This is street ra-dio, for unsung heroes
Riding in they regal, trying to stay legal
My daughter found Nemo, I found the new primo
Ye' you know how we do, we do it for the people




They be sellin' somethin' when it's not shame
West stole West, simply got shame
Givin' up, I'm givin' up my slave name
Oh, no, no, I'm givin' up my slave name
Saint, you don't really need a last name
North, you don't really need a last name
Bump on the song for the dark chains
I'm givin' up the slave name
It's a choice for me
Y'all can't cut out the voice in me
Y'all can't do nothing, get mad at me
Y'all came for my anatomy
Y'all can't cut out the Harriet
I don't care how you carry it
Stomp, stomp, that'd be very lit
God stomp, wanna be alien
Saint, you don't really need a last name
North, you don't really need a last name
And Chicago, yo, they lost, but we not bought
Oh, then he tells 'em

It's like they take our slave women
And bend them quicker than when we hit it
Where you think lightskin came from? (Huh?)
I heard the Chinese buyin' Africa quicker than we would get it
And if you tell somebody you goin' to Africa
Somebody would laugh at ya
Like the top off it, and spend it at the Gucci store
Hold on more, woah, woah
Don't tell me 'bout them woke facts (Woke fact)
Them just sound like broke facts (Broke facts)
I don't know who the fuck told you that (Told you that)
I don't know who the fuck sold you back (Told you that)
Buy your freedom 'fore they sell you back (Sell you back)
Why we need 'em? They just sold you crack (Sold you crack)
So let's done 'em, where the soldiers at? (Soldiers at)
Most of them ain't running, most of them want that bump (Ooh)
Face the gun in the sun, we been brainwashed (Ooh)
Fuck that, we in our own holocaust (Ooh)
It ain't never ended, it all depends (Ooh)
The Jews, least they said, never again

Saint, you don't really need a last name
North, you don't really need a last name
And Chicago, yo, and Chicago
And as the sun sets
And the night falls
And them ho's call
He pulled up at 6:30 in a 745
As he waving "Shorty, hi", you know he showin' his bling out
She got in the car, he drove, he pulled his thing out
His girl caught feelings, she mad, she threw the ring out
How she found out she dreamt the whole thing out
Y'all be going through problems, you gotta work the kinks out
When you go to sleep? What do you think 'bout?
If y'all get a divorce
She gon' take everything except the kitchen sink out
Make it so cold that you gotta pull your mink out
Or grab your roller skates and turn a roller rink out
You now back up in the club, in the club, tryna min-gle
Meanwhile, she out doing the same thing now
Nightmares from your dream gal make you scream out
Some people really (Still dreamin')
Some people really (Make you scream out)
Some people really are (Still dreamin')
Still dreamin' (Wha-wha-wha-wha-One-two one two)
Some dreams stay dreams, some dreams come true
They are still dreamin'(Wha-wha-wha-wha-One-two one two)
Some dreams stay dreams, some dreams come true
Some people really (Yeah)
Some people really (y-y-yeah)
Some people really are (Ugh)








You're such a freaky girl
When the first time they ask you if you want sparklin' or still?
Why you tryna act like you was drinkin' sparklin' water 'fore you came out here?
You're such a freaky—
I'm a real freak, I need a real freak (Whoop!)
I'm a real freak, I need a real freak (Whoop!)
I'm a real freak, I need a real freak (Whoop!)
I'm a real freak, I need a real freak (Whoop!)
I'm a sick pup, I like a quick jump
I'll light your wrist up, I'll buy you a sick truck
I'll buy you some new gifts, I'll get you that nip-tuck
How you start a family? The condom slipped up
I'm a sick puppy, I'm inappropriate
I like hearin' stories, I like the whole script
Like where your clothes went before you post it?
Send me some mo' pics, you look nice for four kids





Don't let me hold you back, I only hold you back
We're on a dead-end street, this block has got a cul-de-sac
So fly baby, my baby so high
Sometimes it's so hard to say bye
We made it from the alley, straight up to the valley
We pulled up at the valet, we'll teach our daughter ballet
We'll raise us a Beyonce, maybe she'll be a Halle
You woulda been the best mom, I woulda been the best 'Ye
You see it all in my veins, like varicose
I know that's very gross, but we getting very close
To our end, though I kill most with a pen
Soon as this flow end, I'ma let Mos begin

Don't look down, it's an impossible view
Fly like an eagle, whatever you do
Don't look down, it's an impossible view
Spread your wings, aerial
Don't look down, it's an impossible view
Spread your wings, aerial
Don't look down, it's an impossible view
How could you do it? How could you do it?



I would like to welcome (you) to the world of (world of)
Fast money, fast cars
Big diamond rings, teeth, chains and the girls of (girls of)
Fake smiles, broken hearts
And if you looking (what) for your real love (well)
You won't find it here
If you looking (what) for your real love (who)
Well goodnight my dear


I would like to welcome (you) to the world of (world of)
Fast money, fast cars
Big diamond rings, teeth, chains and the girls of (girls of)
Fake smiles, broken hearts
And if you looking (what) for your real love (well)
You won't find it here
If you looking (what) for your real love (who)
Well goodnight my dear

I would like to welcome you to the world of
Fake bitches, no love
What the fuck you take me for? Show love
I hate haters in the club
You must not really know where I come from
Exactly where my heart
Or you would never, never, never!
Uhh, where do I start?
People ask me shit about Illuminati
First off, fuck that mean?!
He loved Jesus when he he he was worse off, oh I see
When they, think a nigga is, stupid rich
People just start coming up with stupid shit
Man, shit I could never predict
Hold up, let me hit you with this
Rolling in a Bugatti with fo’ chains is some foolishness
Yea yea yea, that’d be the shit
They’d rather see a nigga locked up, why? For stupid shit
Look how they did my nigga Tip
Soon as Wayne get out, Tip go in
Wonder why the nigga wanna make the clip go in
Wonder why it so hard when it get going
Hold ya head, my niggas the system is
Made to make niggas fall, made to make niggas fail, uhh
Especially if you ball, they don’t take niggas well
Hell nah, you can't come through flying
In a, in a Bentley shining
I’m in the back, backseat driving
Screaming on a nigga like I’m actually driving
I would like to welcome (you) to the world of (world of)
Fast money, fast cars
Big diamond rings, teeth, chains and the girls of (girls of)
Fake smiles, broken hearts
And if you looking (what) for your real love (well)
You won't find it here
If you looking (what) for your real love (who)
Well goodnight my dear













You a bad girl and your friends bad too, ooh
We got the swag sauce she dripping swagu
You a bad girl and your friends bad too, ooh
You got the swag sauce she dripping swagu, ooh






You a bad girl and your friends bad too, ooh
We got the swag sauce you dripping swagu
You a bad girl and your friends bad too, ooh
You got that swag sauce she dripping swagu, ooh





















You like that, don’t ya? I wrote it myself, by the way
And I don’t mean to be selfish, but I picture myself gettin' paid
And you might catch pneumonia, 'cause I'm colder than a elf on a sleigh
Uh, me and Pusha back on it, now everybody help us pray
Lord forgive my sins and all my friends
Dollars make sense, I’m tryin' to get paid


Amen, how many people do you know hatin’
On your downfall, sittin' there, waitin’?
When you shine, I don't know what they gon' say then
Everything I do now stadiums
So tell me what they really gon’ say to him
And I’m headed straight to the ATM
Finna go HAM, nigga finna go in
Nigga you'll get it when pigs fly
When Yeezy fake, Devil’s pie
Piece of cake, Kit-Kat
I need a break, God’s child
Jesus Christ, club like a broken neck
I need the ice, I need the lights, uhh
In Egypt they fightin’ for freedom
Cop pull you over, no reason, beat 'em




Last night was the last night
You'll ever spend alone
Couldn’t wait, did it in the living room
Soon as I saw you, baby, I had plans
Plans to do it 'til we have a baby
Even if the world is crazy
Pick some names, boy or girl
Then we’ll change, change the world
So after you change your clothes
Girl, if you change your mind
I’m ready, whatever time
It’s the beginning of forever
You don’t have to call
Sometimes you just know
It’s the beginning of forever
You don’t have to end
Keep doing it, and doing it again, oh
Keep doing it, and doing it again, oh
Last time was the last time, I was worn and done
You the best, that's why I want another one
Soon as I saw you, baby I had plans
Plans to take you to my elevator
And cook a little breakfast later
Pick a place and go there, girl
Then we’ll change, change the world
So after you change your clothes
Girl, if you change your mind
I’m ready, whatever time
It’s the beginning of forever
You don’t have to call
Sometimes you just know
It’s the beginning of forever
You don’t have to end
Keep doing it, and doing it again, oh
Keep doing it, and doing it again, oh





I, you don't need, need to ever write
I read your last message at least a thousand times
At least a thousand, least a thousand times
Alright, alright, alright
Why would you ever listen to people tryna hate on you?
At least you know there's nothing new
Stop everything you're doing now
'Cause baby, you're awesome, so awesome
You look too good to be at work
You feel too good to ever hurt
I hope you're ready for tonight
I'm gon' cook, you'll be dessert
You can't be still
I gotta move, I gotta dance
I gotta live, I gotta love
I gotta hope, I got a chance
'Cause baby, you're awesome
You don't need to listen to your manager
You're way too hot for them to handle you
Baby, not for nothing, I know you're lookin' for somethin'
And I got it, why you frontin' on me?
'Cause I'd rather do nothing with you
Than something with somebody new
Yeah, I'd rather do nothing with you
Than something with somebody new
Stop everything you're doing now
'Cause baby you're awesome
Don't let nobody bring you down
You're so awesome
You're so out the park
You're so after dark
You're so sleepless nights, ooh, you feel so right
You're so freakin' tight
I know you must be tired
Of running through my mind
Can I come inside?
'Cause baby I'm awesome, also
I'm also awesome, also
I'm also awesome, y'all know
'Cause I'd rather do nothing with you
Than something with somebody new
Yeah, I'd rather do nothing with you
Than something with somebody new
Stop everything you're doing now
'Cause baby you're awesome
Don't let nobody bring you down
You're so awesome
You're so out the park
You're so after dark
You're so sleepless nights, ooh, this feels so right







Hehe
I'ma take this one for the team
G.O.O.D. Music!
Yeah, ugh
You know what? I figured out I'm not a nice guy
I shook hands, kissed babies, gave it a nice try
You know what? I hate pictures of other people kids
I hate plastic couches in other people cribs
I hate when other people cribs smell like shit
I hate when I leave and smell like the crib
What's the cause of the poor smell?
She said, "I just cleaned up, baby, I can't tell"
Why every ghetto bitch gotta smell like Love Spell
Or that God damn cucumber Bath and Body Works?
I can still smell the sweat, the shit hardly works
What about Cool Water? That shit probably worse
This here a classic like the La-Di-Da-Di verse
And my man probably hollered at the hottie first
I scored, he took the charge
Oooh, that shit gotta hurt



Ladies and gentlemen
It's G.O.O.D. Music in the house
And we got... Keri!




It's the nigga they love to hate
But all the bad model bitches they love to date
You need to check my swag and get up to date
Check, check my swag and get up to date
We in the bathroom now, she get her back blew out
She can't clean but I bet she got a vacuum mouth
And I bet I'm gon' sweat her Vidal Sassoon out
Her friend bust in, goddamn, who brought the raccoon out?
For the team, uh
Like we always do at this time
Like, like we always do at this time
I go for, I got to
Like we always do at this time
Like we always do at this time
Go for, I got to
Like we always do at this time
Hah, like we always do at this time
Southside, we gon' set this party off right
This time
This time
Yeah, yeah
Mike Dean on the keys
Hey, oh
They love to hate
Bad model bitches, they love to date
They need to check my swag and get up to date
Check-check-check my swag and get up to date
Aye, it's the nigga they love to hate
But all the bad model bitches, they love to date
They need to check my swag and get up to date
Check-check-check my swag and get, uh, aye
Night blows, stoves don't work, hoes at work
A warrior, so I wear 'em on my shirt
Wish I was free as Che was, I spend a day buzzed
Trippin' on heights, wishin' for Nikes in different flavors
The age of Kane and Big Daddy, short-body Caddies
Uncles named Larry, that never really grabbed me
My mother gave birth but she really never had me
Left to the hood to play daddy
Raised by niggas named Butch, Scoot or Bae-Bae
With weight so they weigh they status on the streets
License plates that say they, motto
This is Chicago in the heyday
Similar to Good Times, I guess that I was JJ
A skinny nigga, young girls with Penny figures
So many niggas, stacked upon each other
It's the black upon each other that we love so much
Wonder how many of us, these drugs gonna touch
Used to gangbang, ain't really thug that much
Rather have some thick broads and a dutch to clutch
Went to school in Baton Rouge for a couple of years
My college career got downed with a couple of beers
Came back home, now I gotta pay back loans
Same nigga, same block, same shit they on
Only thing different, quicker, they click that chrome
In my defense, yo, I had to hit that zone
Man to man, I'm good workin' with my hands
My generation never understood workin' for the man
And, of being broke I ain't a fan
Now I stand in the same spot as my old man
My life I planned not to be on this corner
I still wanna see California
But this is my world
It's your world
Life and death flow around us
Four pounds and pounds of bird from out of towners
It's hard to stay grounded
We stay high, that's why old folks down us
Lost, nobody found us, the force that surrounds us
Ain't with us, they get us on the ground and hit us
We paint pictures of the chains under their names and scriptures
Removed from Earth, only to return through birth
Knew this girl sellin' her body, wish she knew what it was worth
Between God and trash, lookin' in every car that pass
With a walk that suggests head, to milk niggas she was breastfed
She know dairy so she say cheese to get bread
In the area where it's more weaves and less dreads
Kinda scary, amongst thieves and base-heads
Said it was her toes, but I could tell her soul hurt
She was cold turk, growin' up she got to know hurt
Very well in a world where self hate is overt
Her stepfather thought he was Ike, so her mother he strike
She got to like like-minded niggas, who liked crimes and figures
Doin' white lines and liquor, see hard times had kicked her
In the ass, it used to be thicker
Life is fast, some choose to be quicker
I remember in high school she had a passion to sing
Now she see herself in a casket in dreams
These are the children of crack and rap, blacks that lack
Self-esteem, yo we forgot the dream
On our Jeffersons y'all but we forgot the theme
In the Chi, we even rootin' for a garbage team
This queen never seen herself on this Corner
She still wanna see California
But this is her world
It's your world
Kids
I wanna be a pediatrician
I wanna be a governor
I want to be a artist
I wanna be a veterinarian
I wanna be a model
I wanna be a doctor
I wanna be a ballet dancer
I wanna be a football player
I wanna be a astronaut
I wanna be a obstetrician
I wanna be a doctor
I wanna be a nurse
I wanna be a fashion designer
I want to be a gym teacher
I wanna be a architect
I want to be a duck
I wanna be a wrestler
I wanna be a dancer
I wanna be the first African-American female president
I wanna be a police officer
I wanna be a rock star
I wanna be a gymnastics teacher
I wanna be a captain of a police station
I wanna be a drummer
I wanna be an actress
I wanna be a superstar
Be, be here, be there, be that, be this
Be grateful for life, be grateful to life
Be gleeful everyday, for being the best swimmer among 500,000
Be-nign, be you, be mom's mean pie
Be little black Sambo with bad hair
Be aware of Willie Lynch-ism
Be, be boundless energy
Be a four star ghetto general, be no one except I
Be a strong academic student, be an A student in Sociology
Be food for thought to the growin mind, be the author of your own horoscope
Be invited, be long-living, be forgiving, be not forgetful
Be a proud run, only to return to fight another day
Be peaceful if possible, but justice at any rate
Be high when you low, be on time but know when to go
Be cautious of the road to college, taking a detour through Vietnam or the Middle East
Be absent of wars at any past or present fought amongst themselves
Be visual of foreclosure over your shoulder while beggin
A nation built on free labor for reparation, Be a cartographer
A map maker, be able to find Afro-American land
Search thoroughly, it may be close to black land
Be amended 5/5ths, be amended 5/5ths human
Be the owner of more land than is set aside for wild life
Be cupid, to world government
Be found among the truth, lost tribe
Be at full strength when walking through the valley
Be not foolish as temporary king of the mountain top
Be a brilliant soul, sparkling in the galaxy while walking on earth
Be loved by God as much as God loved Gandhi and Martin Luther King
Be that last one of 144,000, be the resident of that twelfth house
Be... eternal
I see you in the lonely place
How can you be so blind
You still regretting the love you left, left behind
Oh darling, I seen you go through the changes
Sitting alone each night
Are you expecting to find the love, love that's right
Darling open your eyes
Let me show you light
Girl you never find a love that's right
Darling open your eyes
Let me show you the light
Girl you think you're so wise, you're so wise
There are times when you need someone
I will be by your side
I'll take my chances before they pass, pass me by
Oh darling, there is a light that shines
Special for you and me
You need to look at the other side, you'll agree
Darling open your eyes
Let me show you light
Girl you never find a love that's right
Darling open your eyes
Let me show you light
You may never find a love that's right
Darling open your eyes
Let me show you light
You may never find a love that's right
Darling open your eyes
Let me show you the light
Girl you think you're so wise
You may never find a love that's right


Yes, Mr. West, turn that new Child Rebel
Loud as a badass child level
Who need a chorus? We do it Tyrannosaurus
Tyrone, it’s been a year with no phone
Could you explain how high is your zone?
We’ll take the plane, rub his nose in cocaine
There’s hoes in magazines you layin' saying you're lame
And for the hate in advance, pull down your pants
Make ‘em kiss both cheeks like we living in France
Diamonds blue, his business manager’s Jewish
And if I get sued, my lawyers Jews
Some girls do grab the cojones
Say, "You got enough diamonds to at least Sierra loan us"
Brand new Ferraris, I gotta make the donuts
CRS is like a hip-hop Christmas bonus
Niggas is hating on the internet, I couldn’t tell
I was too busy rapping, G.O.O.D. as hell
I was too busy flying, parasail
To Colette to get the new shit that Paris sell
Tarantino, Da Vinci, getting Benjies
Get half-off of Fendi, half of that’s to Cindy's
Hopped out the spaceship, put my Mork in Mindy
Popped too many corks to let you dorks offend me
Props in New York but Chi-Town’s the city
Get my groupie hoochies Gucci, Monica Belluccis
Are those the real millionnaires or the bendies?
I’m so ultra, I’m even over Oprah
But let me check your account, haha, no sir



Ahh... The sweet taste of victory
Go head and breathe it in like antihistamine
I know they sayin' "Damn, Ye snapped with this beat!"
Fuck you expect? I've got a history
Groupie love now, gotta be them wheels!
Haters back down, gotta be that steel!
I know they can't wait till ya outta ya deal!
Look how they did D'Angelo ask him how do it feel!
My best friends worry bout me
'Cause they know when you famous
And you had made cash
The media aims at us
And you be up so high
If you ever fall off, it feel like a plane crash
But God don't ever give me nothin' I can't handle
So please don't ever give me records I can't sample
So I could vacate where it ain't no channels
But it's quite okay for a gangsta to wear sandals
They say because of the fame and stardom
I'm somewhere in between the church and insane asylum
I guess it's messin' with my health then
And this verse so crazy when I finish
I'm just gon' check myself in - again



She walk into the court her knees buckle
Saying for a man to survive he needn't hustle
Seen and been through struggle her whole life
Made a transition from being his ho to his wife
Stifling, the night upend the ATF bust in
Her daddy was a hustla, so she love them
Looked at the jury how can they judge him, she screamed
Before you lock my love away, before you lock my love away
Before you lock my love away, before you lock my love away
Please let me testify
Fear in her chest her face in tears
Had her man's back he was facing years
In her name though the place was his
They tryna take everything except the kids
For years she been through stumbling fights
While he tryna hustle that white
Up all night wondering if he's alive
Seeing him tried she bubbled inside and screamed
Before you lock my love away, before you lock my love away
Before you lock my love away, before you lock my love away
Please let me testify
The judge yelled for order the court
Reporter making her words shorter
His lawyer sat next to him
She could see how the trial was affecting him
It hurt for her eyes to connect with him
Using her lies for protecting him
They arrested him for murder and gun possession
As they read back her confession, she screamed
Before you lock my love away, before you lock my love away
Before you lock my love away, before you lock my love away
Please let me testify
The court awaited as the foreman got the verdict from the bailiff
Emotional outbursts tears and smeared makeup
He stated, he was guilty on all charges
She's shaking looking like she took it the hardest
A spin artist, she brought her face up laughing
That's when the prosecutor realized what happened
All that speaking her mind, testifying and crying
When this bitch did the crime, the queenpin
Before you lock my love away, before you lock my love away
Before you lock my love away, before you lock my love away
Please let me testify
You accuse me of a, you accuse me of a, you accuse
Please let me testify, please let me testify
A'udhu Billahi min ash-shaytaan-i'r rajeem. Bismillah-i'r Rahman-i'r Raheem
Allahu Akbar, Allahu Akbar
Allahu Akbar, Allahu Akbar
This is one's for all my brothers and sisters who died in Iraq, Israel, Afghanistan and right here in America
(Jesus Walks)
Abraham Taught
Muhammad Taught
And Moses split the sea
(Jesus Walk with me)
I ain't tryin' to profit off the prophets so this one's for free
G's up along with Muhammad and Jesus
In the Quran they call him Isa
Don't think Osama and Saddam is our leader
We pray for peace, but the drama intrigues us
All, so we fall for the illusions of the beast
So instead of tryin' to teach we show our teeth
Same God, different beliefs
Hijabs, Sunday clothes, yarmulke, kufi, same mission beneath
We all tryin' to get to where the sufferin' ends
In front of the Most High bein' judged for our sins
Can't front for the Most High, so the struggle
Continues
You, every bee, bird and tree, he, her and me
We virtually on the same boat
With the same goats, on the same sea
Tryin' to stay afloat, and put the devil in the yoke
With a couple of God's quotes
Ash-had an la ilaha illa llah
(Astaghfirullah)
And to the sisters and the mothers of ours
Who cover theyselves cause they're lovers of God
The Creator of the worlds, Sculptor of the stars
During Hajj, we walk, through Ramadaan, we starve
Though you not eatin', there's a feedin' of the mind
A defeatin' of the demons, a seein' of the signs
A leanin' on the lines from the surahs
Getting purer, God deemed it unclean
(There's no eatin' of the swine)
Nor drinkin' of the wine
We all bend to his whims, so I send out a message to my kind
I’m cordial to Mr. Norful, Mrs. Adams you’re the theme song when I’m battling
Creflo, player, what’s happening? I can hear the truth in your rappings
(No)
Sex before you marry
No grudges
You should carry, no lyin'
Not supposed to be gamblin'
(I know it sounds familiar)
We all the same man
It's all a game
The devil hate each and every one of us exactly the same
(I wanna walk like Jesus, talk like Jesus sall Allāhu ʿalay-hi wa-sallam)
You know
(uh)
And to my Akh's tryin to stay on their deen
It gets mean especially when you stay on the scene
And at the same try to stay out of trouble
But don't forget the blessin' is in the struggle
The Most Forgiving will forgive it if you stay repentant
And hustle
You gotta stay on your salats, your zakats, your Quran
To my homies and miskeen
Astagfirullah
Allah forgive us all
For we all are sinners
Bless us to be among the winners
When it ends
But until then please strengthen the mission within our hearts
All praise is due to God
(Amen)
Tellin' it how it was taught me
I ain't tryin' to sell it can be brought for free
This is how it is
Now how it ought to be
Muhammad talk to me
Jesus walk with me
I hope
(I know it sounds familiar)
We all the same man
It's all a game
The devil hate each and every one of us exactly the same
(I wanna walk like Jesus, talk like Jesus sall Allāhu ʿalay-hi wa-sallam)







I believe that there's a big future out there with a lot of beautiful things
I want so much more I want, I want my name to be a household product in the high fashion world
Work this pussy, work this pussy, work this pussy
Work this pussy, work this pussy, work this pussy
Work this pussy, work this pussy
Pussy
Alright, is everybody ready? (YEAHHH!)
Alright now here we go!

We showin you the good, the bad, the ugly
B.I.G. said get your money ain't no tellin they gon' love me
We showin you the good, the bad, the ugly
When your money get funny and them days ain't sunny
We showin you the good, the bad, the ugly
Niggas give pounds and hug me, know they really wanna slug me
We showin you the good, the bad, the ugly
And this is for the hood, you got, to love me
Good morning to umm, I don't remember your name
But I remember the brain, here go a fare for the train and
Good morning to Chi-Town, where my niggas ride down
To bust clowns and look for some bust downs to bust down
Yeah, she ain't got a car she on the bus now
But her gear is bangin, she one of us now
I wanted badly to bone, cause she was bad to the bone
She from a battered home, she mad when she at home
So I gave her my number to peep off, she wanted to take a week off
Bustin Scary Movie nuts, I had to get the freak off
That new Tom Cruise to the Moulin Rouge
On a too long cruise, she said I ain't bonin you
With them too long shoes, and acted bougie in a Grey Poupon mood
So I'mma act cheap in a coupon mood
She said 'Ye, you don't love me?
I told her it was good, it's too bad it got ugly
We showin you the good, the bad, the ugly
B.I.G. said get your money ain't no tellin they gon' love me
We showin you the good, the bad, the ugly
And this is for the hood, you got, to love me

Aiyyo we showin you the good, the bad, the ugly
B.I.G. said get your money ain't no tellin they gon' love me
We showin you the good, the bad, the ugly
When your money get funny and them days ain't sunny
We showin you the good, the bad, the ugly
Niggas give pounds and hug me, know they really wanna slug me
We showin you the good, the bad, the ugly
And this is for the hood, you got, to love me
We got love, love, love
You better believe it (Love, love)
Said we got love, love, love
You better believe it (Love, love)


We got love, love, love
You better believe it (Love, love)
We got love, love, love
You better believe it (Love, love)
I live in abundance, love is the new money
I’m mentally wealthy, spiritually conscious
I’m fresh out of Onyx, I'm ballin’, I'm ballin'
I play with the hunnids, love is the new money
That's my frequency, stock up, burn the sage
Clear the room, heal the hate, love is the new wave
Love is the new money, love is the new money
I’m just chillin' with the homies, home is where the heart is (Ahh!)
...play catch with the
Love is the new money
I'm just chillin' with the homies, home is where the heart is (Ahh!)
We got love, love, love
You better believe it (Love, love)
We got love, love, love
You better believe it (Sing it, love, love)
Play catch with the hundreds
Love is the new money
I'm just chillin' with the homies
Home is where the heart is (Ah!)
Play catch with the hundreds
Love is the new money
I'm just chillin' with the homies
Home is where the heart is










Ugh
Ugh, ugh-ugh
I never liked you niggas
Who knew, one day, I'd be just like you niggas?
Ugh-ugh-ugh, all right, you niggas
Ugh-ugh-ugh, all right, you niggas
When I become my mama's boyfriends?
When I become my mama's boyfriends?
He walked in our lives; I was only five
Superman pajamas, I was super-duper fly
The roof a new design, like, at least Hooper size
You know I scrutinize, like, "Who this newer guy?"
I'm my mama boyfriend, I'm her little husband
I was the man of the house when it wasn't
Tryna get to know me, homie? Just kill the charm
You ain't interested in me—you just tryna fuck my mom
We are the voices of our parents' bad choices
The aftermath of divorces, the kids of bitter split-ups
And babysitters, grandparents that don't know what do to with us
And the last thing I want to see is Mama's new nigga
You ol' Old Spice-wearing, short chain-wearing
Dress shoes and jogging pants-wearing, church sock-wearing
When you first stop caring about your appearance?
When you get here anyway? I already got parents
Don't try to put me in line, I already got crayons
My mama said I could do it, I already got clearance
Keep your hands off my mama—how Anita got Clarence
Yeah, I know she look good but you need to stop staring
I drew a picture of her that'd make her proud
But the door was locked and the TV up so loud
I scread out, "I ain't going to sleep no time soon!
And when I do, I'm sleeping in my mama room!"
"I don't like you, nigga
If I was old enough, I'd fight you, nigga
I want to run over you with my bike, you nigga
Don't go to sleep at night, you nigga"
When I become my mama's boyfriends?
When I become my mama's boyfriends?
Twenty years later: Where has the time gone?
Now, a nigga dating, having problems of hisown
And now, a nigga grown, and the tables turned around
I never thought I'd ever raise another nigga's child
He don't like his mama boyfriend—just like me
Don't wanna do the wrong thing, that's very un-Spike Lee
But he be like Deebo round his mama 'nem
'Cause when she here, he be quiet
When she leave, he be talking again
He be wilding again—be calm
I don't drink the drama or sip the Dom Tyler Perry-on
"You gon' marry my mom?"
Look, I don't read palms, and I don't read Psalms
But I did take lil' man to church, took lil' man to school
"Look, lil' man: Kids don't make the rules
Even though I ain't raised you, and you your mama angel
Don't get it twisted, baby boy—I'll Ving Rhames you"
I never liked you niggas
Who knew, one day, I'd be just like you niggas?
Ugh-ugh-ugh, all right, you niggas
Ugh-ugh-ugh, all right, you niggas
When I become my mama's boyfriends?
When I become my mama's boyfriends?
Ayy, we go by The Runners
I think it's time for me to go hard as the hood I'm from, ayy
DJ Khaled, We The Best (Go hard!)
I think it's time for me to go hard as the hood I'm from, ayy
I'm goin' in, I'm goin' in
I do it for the hood, cause the hood told me I should (Go hard!)
I think it's time for me to go hard as the hood I'm from, ayy
If you rep your hood, and you goin' hard
If they hatin' on you, don't stress
Tell them niggas that we the best (Go, go, go hard!)
I think it's time for me to go hard as the hood I'm from, ayy
Fuck nigga, you can't stop this!
Fuck the rest, we run this game, Kanye West, Khaled and Pain

I go the hardest, flow so retard
I'm disgusted with myself, I mean, ugh, where do I start?
First I spin around and vomit, then I shit up on it
Fuck the beat up so bad, won't nobody get up on it
I flow sick, nigga how sick? Seasick
Got your hand out, don't look at me bitch
You lookin' at who made me rich
You lookin' at who made me rich
I had some wins, some losses
Just a life of a God damn boss's
With the top off, lookin' for a girl
With a ass as fat as Tracee Ross's
This is dope as it get, dope as a motherfuckin' acid trip
Fly as fifty-seven passengers, this finna be another classic, bitch
Everybody know I got it, if you want it then get at it
But I ain't gon' have it, no, I ain't gon' have it

I ain't ever been scurred
Never been the type to bite my words
When I came up, y'all gave me shit
Now I'm finna make y'all eat them turds
Always said what the fuck I felt
Go head, spit that murder I wrote
Man I don't care 'bout what you felt
Fuck you nigga, I know I'm dope
Felt like I'm comin' to get my all
Felt like I had to play the fly on the wall
Felt like niggas was stuntin' on me
Funny how I'm flyer than them all
Now I'm at the top, ain't nowhere to go now
Instead of me, she gon' go down
Maybe I would have slowed down
If I knew what I know now
I'm stupid, yeah I know I'm dumb
This could fuckin get old, well it's good I'm young
Before my heart get cold as the hood I'm from
Tell me what it take to be number one
I guess it's gon' be what it's gon' be
But here's one thing y'all got to hear
I'ma tell you like George Bush told me
Fuck y'all niggas, I'm out of here

I think it's time for me to go hard as the hood I'm from, ayy
I'm going in, I'm going in
I think it's time for me to go hard as the hood I'm from, ayy
I go hard for the hood, I go hard for the streets
I think it's time for me to go hard as the hood I'm from, ayy
I go hard for the ghetto, Kanye West, T-Pain, DJ Khaled
I think it's time for me to go hard as the hood I'm from, ayy
We The Best, we won't stop, we can't stop, We Global

Bom bom bom bom bom
Last night I saw you in my dreams
Now I can't wait to go to sleep
Last night I saw you in my dreams
Now I can't wait to go to sleep
My mama, mama, mama
I wanna scream so loud for you, cause I'm so proud of you
And let me tell you what I'm about to do
I know I act a fool but, I promise you I'm goin back to school
And I appreciate what you allowed for me and I
I was three years old, when you and I moved to the Chi
Late December, harsh winter gave me a cold
You fixed me up something that was good for my soul
Famous homemade chicken soup, can I have another bowl?
You work late nights just to keep on the lights
Mommy got me training wheels so I could keep on my bike
And you would give anything in this world
Michael Jackson leather and a glove, but didn't give me no curl
And you never put no man over me
And I love you for that mommy can't you see?
Seven years old, caught you with tears in your eyes
Cuz somebody cheatin, telling you lies, then I started to cry
As we knelt on the kitchen floor
I said mommy I'mma love you till you don't hurt no more
And when I'm older, you ain't gotta work no more
And I'mma get you that mansion that we couldn't afford
See you're, unbreakable, unmistakable
Highly capable, lady that's makin loot
A living legend too, just look at what heaven do
Send us an angel, and I thank you Mama
I wanna scream so loud for you, cause I'm so proud of you
And let me tell you what I'm about to do
Mama, you know I love you so, and I'll never let you go
And I wrote this song just so you know that when you go
Last night I saw you in my dreams
Now I can't wait to go to sleep
Last night I saw you in my dreams
Now I can't wait to go to sleep
My mama, mama, mama
I wanna scream so loud for you, cause I'm so proud of you
And let me tell you what I'm about to do
I know I act a fool but, I promise you I'm goin back to school
And I appreciate what you allowed for me and I
And this life is all a dream
And my real life starts when I go to sleep
My mama, mama, mama
I brought you brothers here today to start our own fraternity
Broke Phi Broke, we ain't got it
Broke Phi Broke (we ain't got it)
No, we have no money
We are sharin' jeans
If I go outside, I got the only clothing on
How many cars do we own? (None!)
How many cars do we own? (None, sir!)
Should we let our woman go and be with the cat with the car?
(Yes, we will!)
Why? Because we can't afford gas. Say it with me!
(We can't afford no gas!)
Say it!
(We can't afford no gas!)
So we ain't drivin'!
"That was the warm up, that was the warm up, baby
Aight, Elite, for real, one take, dawg, and I'm up outta here
One, yup, yeah."
Lord, please forgive me for my sinning
I ain’t saying that I’m finished, but I’m praying in advance
Cause the way her eyes glance like they playing in my pants
Yeah, ball game
I swear the hoes wasn’t in my plans when a nigga took the chance and came to the big city
My beat machine the only fucking thing I had with me
Like Bobby had Whitney, we was cooking up crack
But them fifteen credits had a nigga off track
Picture that, best rapper since Lil Wayne in classes
The best bachelor since Bruce Wayne with his bachelor’s
But mastered this rap shit
You hear the words coming from my lips bastards
I never crack, I got that Chapstick
I practiced till that shit made perfect and served it to the people on a silver platter
Now where’s the ladder?
Cause either you gonna whine or you climb; I chose the latter
Know you haters is pissed, hold your bladder though
‘Fore you get tossed like a forward lateral
We never tattle, let God handle that
Or let the mob handle that
No Soprano, half black, half white; I’m a piano
I’m an animal, my video on Discovery Channel
I’m a beast when my shit hits the streets, these niggas cease to exist
Like a beach in a tsunami, you'll find me in the ‘Ville
In the state of NC
Bitch, if I ain’t back home, I’m up in NYC
‘Bout that money prob-ly like a fucking robbery
But I ain’t jacking
I’m chasing dreams sort of like jeans, boy, I ain’t slacking
I’m chasing dreams sort of like jeans, boy, I ain’t slacking
Hey, take a hard look at my drive nigga, no hacking on my shit
I’m straight smacking niggas, straight tagging niggas
Yo, I freestyle and fuck you niggas, ya’ll be wilding and I’m out
We'll be brothers forever
What happens to one of us happens to us together
And we'll be brothers forever
We'll be brothers forever
We'll be brothers forever
(Brothers forever)
We should've lit cigars, when your baby was born
Should've shouted you out and dedicated a song (Oh, oh)
I can say I was wrong, I can take the blame
'Cause brothers don't always have to share the same name
(Oh, oh)
We met when we was young, I forgot the grade
When last one to base was a rotten egg
Since then I done good and rotten things (Brothers forever)
So I could tell you one thing (Brothers forever)
As soon as I cut the grass low
It's easier to see the assholes
So I'm sorry for all the miscues
How about I admit that I miss you
I miss the fam and our brotherhood
I just wanna make sure that my brother's good
So I ain't embarrassed or above (Eh, eh)
Flying out to Paris for a hug
Or picking up the phone just to call up (Ooh)
Picking up the phone hope it's all love
'Cause Jesus taught us love, so did Moses and Mohammed (Ooh)
So nothing so atomic that we can't agree to drop it, chop it
Peace it up and get it poppin'
And bury the hatchet so we can lock in (Ohh-oh)
Why don't you still have him on the line?
We'll be (Woo) brothers forever
What happens to one of us happens to us together
And we'll be (We'll be) brothers forever
We'll be (We'll be) brothers forever
We'll be (We'll be) brothers forever
(Brothers forever)
I wish I had a PA system for all the brothers we love
For the ones that was missing but joined the cut where we from
See how the DA did 'em, when they was hustling drugs
And that was in the city of brotherly love
See brothers are amused by other brother's reps
But it takes a real one to keep the other in check (Other in check)
So this fraternity's for eternity (Brothers forever)
And every rhyme I write is 25 to life (Brothers forever)
Every dime I wife thought I was Brian McKnight
And my homies said that you should shine your light
And the groupies gave us the time of our life
And I think about those times when I'm flying a flight
And I knew we'd reconnect when the timing was right
Man, I ain't spoke to you in like forever (Brothers forever)
Maybe it's time we put the band back together
We'll be brothers forever
What happens to one of us happens to us together
And we'll be (We'll be) brothers forever
We'll be (We'll be) brothers forever
We'll be (We'll be) brothers forever
Brothers forever


Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy just jumped over Jumpman
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy just jumped over Jumpman
(Yo!)
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy, I feel so accomplished
I done talked a lot of shit but I just did the numbers
Herzog and Adidas, man you know they love it
If Nike ain't have Drizzy, man they wouldn't have nothin', woo!
If Nike ain't have Don C, man they wouldn't have nothin', ooh!
But I'm all for the family, tell 'em, "Get your money"
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy, they line up for days
Nike out here bad, they can't give shit away
I stuck to my roots, I'm like Jimmy Fallon
I ain't dropped the album but the shoes went platinum (Woo!)
Every time I talk they say I'm too aggressive
I was out here spazzin', all y'all get the message?
On the field I'm over-reckless, on my Odell Beckham
2020, I'ma run the whole election, yah!
I've been trending years, y'all a couple days
Yeezy in the house and we just got appraised
Nike, Nike treat employees just like slaves
Gave LeBron a billi' not to run away (Yo!)
10 thousand dollar fur for Nori, I just copped it (Yo!)
Your baby daddy won't even take your daughter shoppin' (Yo!)
I done wore designers I won't wear again
Make 'em niggas famous, they get arrogant
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy just jumped over Jumpman, ah!
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy just jumped over Jumpman
(Sonic boom!)
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy, this is pure luxury
I give 'em grey poupon on a DJ Mustard, ah!
If you ain't poppin' shit then why you rap for? Haaan?
Plus Kimoji just shut down the app store, ah!
And we made a million a minute, we made a million a minute
(We did)
Yeah, we made a million a minute, we made a million a minute, ah!
Do anybody feel bad for Bill Cosby?
Did he forget the names just like Steve Harvey? (Yo!)
Tell Adidas that we need a million in production (Yo!)
I done told y'all, all I needed was the infrastructure (Boom!)
Now we hottest in the streets, it ain't no discussion
James Harden, Swaggy P runnin' up the budget (Yoga flame!)
Keep the work at my baby mama's mama's house
I'm a jerk, you need to work, you need to call my spouse
Yeezy, Yeezy, take a picture with me on Rodeo
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy, I might do my own hotel
Couches, couches, couches, couches, which one should I pick?
I need extra deep, I like my bitches extra thick (sonic boom!)
Every time I see the news, man it bring me home
Call up DJ Mano, shout out Twilite Tone
We just blessed to be alive, yeah ain't that the truth?
So let's celebrate the life of Timbuck2
Timbuck2, Timbuck2, Timbuck2
Timbuck2, Timbuck2
Timbuck2, Timbuck2

La, la, la, la
8732 that's the way it go
Wait 'til I get my money right
Kanye and Jizzle, say it ain't so

La La La La (Hey!)
Wait till I get my money right
La La La La (Yeah!)
Then you can't tell me nothing, right?
Excuse me, is you saying something?
Uh uh, you can't tell me nothing (HA HA!)
You can't tell me nothing
Uh uh, you can't tell me nothing
Yeah, homie this a theme song
First I get my money right, then I get my team on
If I always prayed to have gleam on
$300 jeans on, do that mean I dream wrong?
And I was high as a Leer Jet
Fly as the insect, even though we in debt
And it don't matter if I get her number cause
When I get my money right she gon come running
And I'll be good like "God" with an extra "o"
God knows that my check needs some extra 0's
And you know that you need to bring some extra hoes
Not in jogging pants either, tell them wear some sexy clothes
Now my game so professional
And my chain so fresh, they go (oh oh oh oh oh)
Right after the fame did you gain anything?
Damn 'Ye, would you change anything?
But (If I had a billion dollars! YEAHHHHHHHHHH)
I'd copped more pink polos and pop those collars
Misery love company, her nickname Sorrow
My Benz need company, her nickname Tahoe
“Wait 'til I get my money” everybody's motto
So I'mma need a bravo for everything that I wrote
Yeah, hey, mama they can't hate him
'Cause after all of the drama, K slayed them
(If I had a billion dollars YEAHHHHHHHHHH)
Wait till I get my money right
(If I had a billion dollars YEAHHHHHHHHHH)
Then you can't tell me nothing, right?
(I'm serious, nigga! Hey!)
Why were you late?
(Yeah! HA HA!
Yeah! You know I'm serious, nigga! I got money!)
Oh oh oh oh oh
Good money made!
Oh oh oh oh oh
Good money made!
Why were you late?
Oh oh oh oh oh
Good money made!











Yeah, gotta love yourself
Uh, you know what I'm sayin'?
I decided not to use my color as a handicap
He a designer, artist, producer, and he rap
Never found virtue from patience
In a dark room just pacin'
Precious time is just wastin'
You do not know what we facin'
I cannot be complacent
In my job, be courageous
Another kid just got shot
They can't find the assailant
Made it out of the basement
Made it out of the underground
From a time where you outta town
They might gun you down, blaow
There goes another round, blaow
There goes another round
Came from this Chi and wow, look what the fuck they found
A young legend, comin' to shut the summer down
You need to talk to me like you don't bring your mother 'round




How y'all feeling tonight?
Thank y'all for coming out to this impromptu-type performance I just set up
I love the energy in this city
This is one of my hometowns, y'all know I stayed out here, right?
But I came here for the creativity more than anything,
Because creativity fuels everything
I hate business people
People get on the phone with me and talk to me
Like "What kind of business can he do though?
What type of businnes are you doing? What's the numbers?
How much did you sell? What's the radio spins?
How much shampoo can you sell with your face on it and shit?"
Remind me again why we in this shit?
Can you remind me again why we in this shit?
Make it even more mellow, make it just the chords
Remind me again why we in this shit?
Remind me again why we in this shit?
Remind me again why we in this shit?
I know it's for more than just to get rich.
Since when was making music about getting rich?
Since when was making art about getting rich?
I know it's easy for me to say
Because having money's not everything and not having it is
Remind me again why we in this shit?
Remind me again why we in this shit?
Remind me again why the Grammy's could suck my dick?
Remind me who's the original superfly
And I got love for Hov but I ain't fucking with that Suit and Tie
Remind me again, remind me again why we in this shit?
Remind me again, remind me again why we in this shit?
Every nigga tryna get rich,
Every rapper tryna get rich,
And every rapper always rap about fucking somebody else bitch
Remind me again why we in this shit?
Remind me again why we in this shit?
And why the Grammys can suck my dick
Suck my dick
And every motherfucking sponsor
They tryna put they logos all over the concerts and shit
For a meet and greet
And you gotta meet the execs and they daughters
And they'll show what they just bought her
Real niggas don't live too long in this shit
Real niggas don't live too long in this shit
Real niggas don't live too long in this shit
Real niggas don't live too long in this shit
Real niggas don't live too long in this shit
They say "Ayo, you coming on too strong in this bitch"
They always talking about what I'm doing wrong in this shit
Well I can give a fuck everything
I can give a fucking anything
Remind me why we in this shit
I lost my motherfucking momma
So I can give a fuck about your comments
I promise, I promise
Cause we all gonna die one day
But I'mma live my life my way!
Remind me why we in this shit, please
Please, can I sell your drink for you, please
"So, you can help me put on a better show please, corporations?
Can you please support me? Please?
Me, Kanye West. I swear I’m a nice nigga now
I swear I’ll put the pink polo back on,
I swear to you. Please. Just for 3 million
I need it so bad. I need a pool in my backyard!
So I’ll tell all my fans your shit is cool
And if they believe in me, then they should also believe in you
"‘Did we get the check yet? Hold on, I gotta call the business manager
Did the corporations send the check?
What is my public rating? Are people liking me again?
Enough to get some money from the corporations?
Are they liking me, is it ok now?
They forgot about the whole Beyoncé thing, right?
Ok, Cool.
Is it ok now?"
Remind me why we in this shit
Remind me why we in this shit
Cause we ain't on no pile of shit
Nigga I'mma make my music from my heart
And I live and I die by everything that I say
And everything that I do
And everything that make is what I believe to be true
And if the shit don't make sense and sound like nonsense
I don't give a fuck because that was my stream of conscious
And that's the way I felt at that time
And feelings was the only facts
And racism and materialism is killing blacks
And one more thing if I can ask
One more thing if I can add
Cause in this life, our life just moves to fast
And time is somethng tht you can never get back
What's your quality of life?
What's your quality of life?
And that's why I mean it when I say I hope you have a good time tonight
I hope you have a good time tonight
London, it's Louise Wilson's birthday tonight
An inspiration, not lead instruments
I'm the lead instrument, but he's background
Happy birthday to Louise who taught Alexander McQueen
My friend Louis Gold, Christopher King, Stella McCartney
And Kanye West, even though she doesn't want me to put that on my resume
But it's still sometimes like there's no good ideas
And no real ideas and nothing sincere left
And everything has been so homogenized
And it's all big business and it's no creativity
But really we have the ability to have a human Utopia
If we just helped each other
If we just use our resources
And stop tryna compete against each other
And tryna beat each other
And eat each other
And maybe came together and tried to teach each other
And reach each other
And reach each other
Maybe try to come together and love each other
And love each other
And love one another
Maybe try to come together and love each other
And love each other
And love each other
And love another
And love each other
And love each other
And love each other
And love another
The way you love you love your mother man
The way you should love your father man
Y'all don't really understand
Cause this is our shit
And is this our motherfucking clique
Clique, clique clique
Ain't nobody fresher than my motherfucking clique
Clique, clique, clique
I said ain't nobody fresher than my motherfucking clique
Clique, clique, clique
I said ain't nobody fresher than my motherfucking clique
And it'll be a long time, before you ever see me again, me again
They want me, hold my head in shame
So I hold 'em on, holding hands in vein
And then his son told me put down the drink dawg
I need a little something to knock the edge off
Aside from this song, life sucks
And every, god needs a goddess
And every, star couldn't guide us
It falls upon something that's inside us
And I don't like them, and they don't like that
They don't like that, and I don't want that
And it'll be a long time before you ever see me again
Don't worry about me, worry 'bout you
Worry about something, don't worry what I do
Hating motherfuckers, it'll be a long time
Before you ever see me again, me again
See I need some time to meditate
Naw bitch I'm fly I need time to levitate
And I don't sound try, tryna' hesitate
And I'm a heavyweight and I'm very great
I put the everyday rocking in every state
Do not debate, you cannot cape
I must've on faith, getting knocked of faith
Guess it's not faith, guess it was written
I can sell a phone, guess I was different
That was cellphone back then, that was different
Now I'm spitting and everybody's just spitting
And what it sound like when everybody sound like
What you sound like, bumpin' 'em on a round mic
I don't even have a knife
And these niggas are secondary like Pippen around Mike
Trippin' around sight, something on that down light
I'mma be downright, you niggas is downright biters
And my shit downright fire, from the corner buyer
And I'm alone, eh
Don't worry 'bout me, don't worry 'bout them
Don't worry 'bout you, and what you gonna do
And it'll be a long time before you ever see me again
Don't worry 'bout me, don't worry 'bout me
Don't worry 'bout you and maybe I do
And it'll be a long time before you ever see me again
Don't worry 'bout me, don't worry 'bout you
I worry 'bout something not we can do
And it'll be a long time before you ever see me again, me again
Don't worry 'bout me, na na na na
And it'll be a long time before you ever see me again, me again
Again, again
Before you ever see me again, me again, again, again
It'll be a long time before you ever see me again
Can you clap your hands, hands
Clap your, clap your hand, hands
Clap your, clap your hand, hands
And I wanna something, I wanna something then
Can you clap your hand, hand
Need you to clap your hand, hand
Need you to clap your hand, hand
Need you to clap your hand
Need you to clap your hand, hand
Need you to clap your hand
Need you to clap your hand, hand
Need you to clap your hand
So the song like a Section 8
So I pass that dick around like the collection plate
I be stunting with the stunnas, and that's the best you make
So if everybody just stand now, and shit don't pan out
Throw your hands up, at least give them a handout
And with the sun shown, it's like the Jerome is
Or feeling like Ike at the end of the movie
Wait, just need two more shows just to get to me
Or feeling like Eddie Kane, I still got it
And it's something but the problem is, you still not it
Or maybe if it's sicker, they say I'm "that nigga"
Maybe I should stop being real, maybe I should get on Twitter
And I'mma drink until I can't stand and got no liver
I'd rather live by what I live by, then die when I'm fine
I'm gonna stand by my self 'til my very last breath
Cause you know what? A coward dies a thousand deaths
You plan to style on me, trying to style on me
Nigga, I'm liable to be a liability, and my ability
Don't worry 'bout me, worry 'bout you
Worry about something, something will do
And motherfuckers, it'll be a long time
Before you ever see me again
So don't worry about me, I'll be fine
I'll be up some, going for mine
And it'll be a long time
'fore you ever see me again, me again
Don't worry 'bout me, worry 'bout you, worry 'bout you
'fore you ever see
Don't worry about what I been up to
When the fuck I'm going hard, nigga fuck you
Who the fucks asking? I'll put the summer on blast and
Who the fucks lasting?
And be the last standing
Get a better tan and
I been feeling dandy
And who can run the planet? Pass them a Xanax
And n afternoon I annex
Stunting on the sun, cus I have to ball
I run the world cause it's a small world after all
And I'm never after y'all
I have to loss somethin' and I got it all
And you feeling like you got it all?
Nah nigga, not at all
Worry 'bout me, don't worry bout me, just worry bout you
And what'chya gon' do?
It'll be a long time, before you ever see me again
Last summer, last fight, and y'all had a fall out
Y'all had your ups and downs, you don't fuck around
Bet you felt something, now you feel nothing now
Y'all feelings felt something, ya'll don't feel nothing now
What the ebony of essences, the Genesis
I got the fetishes, something on the sedatives
I wish we just could take it back to the Book of Genesis
Before the hook is in is there any point of any of this?
Just turn around say for really? I'm done motherfucker
And she said that
It'll be a long time before you ever see me again, me again
Don't worry 'bout me, just worry 'bout you
And I'll be up now, what I've been up to
And it'll be a long time before you ever see me again, me again
Don't worry 'bout me, don't worry 'bout them
And it'll be a long time before you ever see me again, me again
Me again, me again
It'll be a long time before you ever see me again





Last name West and my teeth diamonds
She said "Yo, what's your occupation, crazy rhymin'?"
Listen to Wu-Tang, tryin' suits on
Accoutrements is Grey Poupon
Stuntin' in a high-top Louis, shorts is the Coogis
Open up the door when you take her to the movies
When you meet the parents, you tell De Niro
Her boyfriend a zero, she need to cut the weirdo
Next show, they gotta up the zeros
Nobody rockin' like this 16 years old
The hard drums and the Wally's somethin' that caught me
I'm tellin' you what Wu-Tang taught me
The young youth, rockin' the gold tooth
Pull up in a drop top, old school bumpin' to "Cash Rules"
No question, we the reason why the summer's blazin'
Then say, "You lookin' good, fly colored Asian"
Raw, I give it to ya, no trivia
She used to roll with my G-Unit like Olivia
'Til she caught me gettin' numbers and hugs
I guess that's the day she became a runaway love















Ah-ahem
This something I did
Something I can explain how to
I can't speak for everybody, but, uh
Man...
There must be more good women than men, percentage-wise
So her chance of having a husband just minimized
That's why a lot of girls claim they ain't into guys
And mess with other girls part time to improvise
I knew she wasn’t bi, no, I seen it in her eyes
But I'm like any other guy, trying to get in her thighs
She telling me about how black people should enterprise
And I'm like, if you don't get your ass in this ride from Enterprise
That I rented yesterday and gotta have in by 5
With the gas fully filled up like I didn't drive
Told her I had a girl, nah, fuck it, I didn't lie
Told her this rap game is alright, I'm just getting by
She had a lil' weed and we get a lil' high
And I'm looking in her eyes and I'm loving her vibe
Told me back in 95' she fell in love with the Tribe
Boo, back in 92', I was just like you
Please, don't be confused by the ice and jewels
I'm like any other nigga, buy ice to stay cool
Like any other nigga that claim they hate school
And think, yeah, Free's banging but she's no Rachel
We ball 'til we fall, hit the mall
After we hit, don't call
We fill your lives with nothing but lies
And I would like to apologize
But you can't stand right here
And tell me everything is going to be alright
'Cause until the day a real man stands up
I'm going to have to improvise
Was it something I did wrong? Yeah I know I'm wrong
She's at home alone and I'm always gone
Hate it when she mad but more when she passive
Now she on the internet looking for classes
Out of state though, man that hurt, yo
But I got work though, and I'm at work, yo
And she don't call a lot
And when she do she pouring out her heart
"You never listen to me," then the call drop... hmmm
And I promised her everything
Told her when I get a deal I'll get her a wedding ring
But when I got my deal I was back in the ring
Fighting my urges, strip club splurges
Never had money so I felt like a virgin
And I'm trying to break the bank's cherry
Tryin' to see can I afford Canaries
With a Ferrari and a dinner date with Halle Berry
Went from fifty g's to fifteen hundred in a week
Now I'm trying to call, one ring, two rings, seven rings
Eight rings, er mother picked up the phone
Like, "She in school and she don't stay here no more"
I guess there's more good women than men percentage wise
So her chance of having a husband just minimized
I guess that's why she says she ain't into guys
And focus on school full-time to improvise
We ball 'til we fall, hit the mall
After we hit, don't call
We fill your lives with nothing but lies
And I would like to apologize
No no, you can't stand right here
And tell me everything is gonna be alright
'Cause until that real man stands up
I'm going to have to improvise
Never would have made it
Never would have made it without you
You are the highlight of my life
You are the sunshine in my night
Oh how, oh how, oh, how do I
Ever repay you
Finally, I know what I want
I learned from my mistakes and my heartbreaks
The road to hell was paved with good intentions
No matter which way you, no matter which way you take
Never truly follow my heart
Made a lot of decisions based on everyone but me
But now, I'm strong enough to let it go
I'm wise enough to take control
My mama told me everything
My mama told me everything I know
You are the highlight of my life
You are the sunshine in my night
Oh how, oh how, oh, how do I
Ever repay you
Stand up, press forward, move on
Don't cry, we'll make it through the night
For sure
You are the highlight of my life
You are the sunshine in my night
Oh how, oh how, oh, how do I
Ever repay you
Never would have made it
Never would have made it without you
Mommy?
Yes?
Move forward

It's no secret
You get the coke wave listenin' to him (Yeah)
Keep the jams on the radio
Macaroni & Cheese
I'm telling them
I already know how it's gonna go down
You feel me?
Nothin'
No evil used against us shall prosper (Woo!)
Who God blessed, no man cursed
And they say
Haan!
It’s what ya all been waitin for
It’s what ya all been waitin for
It’s what ya all been waitin for, ain’t it?
What people payin paper for?
It’s what ya all been waitin for
It’s what ya all been waitin for
It’s what ya all been waitin for, ain’t it?
What people payin paper for?



It’s what ya all been waitin for
It’s what ya all been waitin for
It’s what ya all been waitin for, ain’t it?
What people payin paper for?
It’s what ya all been waitin for
It’s what ya all been waitin for
It’s what ya all been waitin for, ain’t it?
What people payin paper for?


It’s what ya all been waitin for
It’s what ya all been waitin for
It’s what ya all been waitin for, ain’t it?
What people payin paper for?
Brand new, brand new, brand new, brand new, brand new

They say your attitude determines your latitude
I'm high as a motherfucker, fly as a motherfucker
And still the motherfucker you love to hate
But can't, because you love what I make
Now ain't that about a bitch
And I'mma talk shit until I'm out of hits
They don't want to turn they speakers up
They claim I ain't deep enough
All that talkin' I feed off of, keep it up
I'm relaxin', my feet is up
I'm leavin' you haters like when Shaq left the Lakers
Just to Heat it up
I state the stats to stunt, I don't need to front
Make Black history every day, I don't need a month
The survey says, by the streets according
Kanye's just important as Michael Jordan
Was to the NBA when he was scorin'
Ralph Lauren was borin' before I wore him and








We up in the Copacabana
A good, bitch, you know I been better
My hubby, my hubby so handsome
I hold him ransom, I hold him ransom
And then some
I got a man, but ain't got no manners
I got a man, but ain't got no manners
I got a man, but ain't got no manners, yeah
Where are you hiding? I need-
Where are you hiding? I need-
We up in the Copacabana
A good, bitch, you know I been better
My hubby, my hubby so handsome
I hold him ransom, I hold him ransom
And then some
I got a man, but ain't got no manners
I got a man, but ain't got no manners
I got a man, but ain't got no manners, yeah
Where are you hiding? I need-



Yeah! It's somethin' about that Nina Simone piano flow
It's like a Michelangelo painted a portrait of Maya Angelou
And gave it to a sick poet for they antidote
If music get ya choked up, this is the tree and the rope
This is Chi, nigga, I'm Mr. All-of-That
Fuck a map, let's put this bitch on the almanac
Dice what they hittin' fo', lax what you sittin' on
Tracks who you spittin' on, rap 'til we get it on
And don't let nobody with the power to sign
Ever tell you you ain't got the power to rhyme
They used to tell me, "Toughen up, put some bass in your voice!"
They used to tell me, "Lighten up, put some Mase in your voice!"
Lord willin' I ain't killed nobody
But I have a feelin' this album that I'm gonna make a killin'
Or not a shilling, this is love-it-or-hate-it music
But—at least we made it music
And we didn't make it industry, this is gon' be interesting
This'll be the end of me, or I'm finna be an entity
Kanye, Jay-Z, Mos Def, and Kweli
We are not makin' songs no more, we're makin' history





Live from America
Yasiin, Yasiin, y'all seen
N.I.P, sing it
Poor so hard, my clean clothes look grimy, pretty women don't mind me
So what's fifty grand to a young nigga like me? More than my annual salary
Poor so hard, this shit crazy, walk outside the whole world hate me
Nervous stares at the thoroughfare, surveillance cameras, police tracing
Poor so hard, this shit weird, we be home and still be scared
There's grief here, there's peace here, easy and hard to be here
Psycho, liable to turn Michael, take your pick, Myers, Myers, Myers, same shit
Poor so hard, got holey socks, dope block on my stove top
Jumbotrons for astronauts, high in orbit off planet rock, say
Poor so hard, this chopper too, we starving Marvin, you hot food
There's birds of prey, no escape, open-air prison, local zoo
Poor so hard, who getting faded? Little Maurice in the sixth grade
No mama, no father, role model the dope game, say
Poor so hard, bitch behave, standing behind the deuce-deuce-trey
Ice-cold, heat blow, closed casket, cold case
Poor so hard, that shit cray
These young bloods is looking scary at the mall
They wearing pants, you can still see they drawers
They rob a nigga in the bathroom stall
They took his life cause he ain't want to take it off
Poor so hard, that shit cray, ain't it, Bey? Diabetics, fish filet
Poor so hard, your house so cold, nigga, it ain't spring
Every winter landlord fuckin' with my heat again
Bougie girl, grab your hand, show you how to do this ghetto dance
Fuck your French, we ain't in France, I'm just saying
Prince Williams ain't do it right, if you ask me
If I was him, I'd put some black up in my family
Fake Gucci, my nigga, fake Louis, my killa
Real drugs, my dealer, who the fuck is Margiela?
Doctors say I'm the illest, I ain't got no insurance
It's them niggas in poorest, be them rebel guerillas, huh

To the kings and queens and everyone in every place, yo
Don't get caught up in no throne, don't get caught up in no throne
Don't get caught up in no throne
Towers of Babylon rise up and so they shall fall
As it was written before, amen, so it goes on
Don't get caught up in no throne, don't get caught up in no throne
Don't get caught up in no throne
These devils out here lying, acting like the people ain't dying
We silver and they gold, ain't never saved a soul
Don't get caught up in no throne, don't get caught up in no throne
Don't get caught up in no throne
Signs through the earth and through the heavens, lunar, solar eclipses
We seeking for forgiveness and safety for our children
Don't get caught up in no throne, don't get caught up in no throne
Don't get caught up in no throne, Allah is in control


Lost and, beat up
Dancin', down there
I found you, somewhere out
'Round 'round there, right right there
Lost and beat up
Down there, dancin'
I found you, somewhere out
Right down there, right 'round there
Lost and, found now
Turned out, our new love
Daddy, found out
How you turned out, how you turned out
If mama knew now
How you turned out, you too wild
You too wild, you too wild
You too wild, I need you now
I do, love you
Found you, found you
Right now, right now
Right now, right now
If your mama, knew how
You turned out, you too wild
You too wild, you too wild
You too wild, and I need you now
Lost and found now


And I need you now
Lost in my doubt
You gotta let me know if I could be your Joseph
Only tell you real shit, that's the tea, no sip
Don't trip, don't trip, that pussy slippery, no whip
We ain't trippin' on shit, we just sippin' on this
Just forget the whole shit, we could laugh about nothin'
I impregnate your mind, let's have a baby without fuckin', yo
I know it's corny bitches you wish you could unfollow
I know it's corny niggas you wish you could unswallow
I know it's corny bitches you wish you could unfollow
I know it's corny niggas you wish you could unswallow
I know it's corny bitches you wish you could unfollow
I know it's corny niggas you wish you could unswallow
You tried to play nice, everybody just took advantage
You left your fridge open, somebody just took a sandwich
I said baby what if you was clubbin'
Thuggin', hustlin' before you met your husband?
Then I said, "What if Mary was in the club
When she met Joseph around hella thugs?
Cover Nori in lambs' wool
We surrounded by the fuckin' wolves"
"What if Mary was in the club
'Fore she met Joseph with no love?
Cover Saint in lambs' wool
We surrounded by the fuckin' wolves"






Ayo CyHi what the fuck bro?
We've been waiting for your damn album for years man
What the fuck is Kanye doing
How about you get the fuck up and get something done
Drop that shit
If I were you I'd stop being a little bitch
Grab an AK, load that shit up, get out there and drag Kanye's ass out
Shake me down, not a lot of people left around
Who knows now, softly laying on the ground
Hey Ye, do you know what it feel like
To really be signed to you in real life?
Have you ever wrote a song
And you know you about to say something wrong but you still right?
I hope when I'm done that we still tight
But why wasn't I on the cover of the Complex?
You must've seen what I did to Funk Flex
Ya Sean my nigga but I'm coming after Sean next
Sit the fuck down Mr. West, I ain't done yet
While you're in your little Lambo on Sunset
I'm riding with a gun next to me
And it sounds like a little boy playing with a drum set
And it hold a hundred rounds
Cause when you come around niggas quick to gun you down
You'll be found on the other side of town somewhere, nigga
(Softly laying on the ground)
Get the fuck up
In my life I have seen people walk into the sea
Just to find memories plagued by constant misery
Their eyes cast down fixed upon the ground
Their eyes cast down fixed upon the ground
In my life
Welcome to Def Jam
OK, everybody on the fucking floor
You and you by the double doors
That was three shots and it holds 15
So that means I got a dozen more
Now that everybody's on one accord
I'ma tell you what I'm coming for
I want a new million dollar deal on my pub
In the pretty brick house like the Commodores
Oh now everybody's getting kidnapped
Take you back to your crib while your kids nap
And if your wife walk in, start screaming in my ear
Then the bitch is getting bitch slapped
I'ma make it look like a mishap
Cut the TV on so they won't hear this shit clap
And I've got two guns, they gon' think it's suicide
Cause you shot yourself with this strap
(What the fuck CyHi what are you doing this for?)
Cause nobody want to listen to the kid rap
OK, my nigga Pusha shit snap
Nah I'm lying man that shit's crap
OK, Teyana got a fat ass
But she won't let nobody in the clique tap
And there ain't gon' be no new Yeezy album
Cause he in the the trunk with his mouth taped and his wrists wrapped
*mumbling* Shut the fuck up nigga! Shut the fuck up!
In my life I have seen people walk into the sea
Just to find memories plagued by constant misery
Their eyes cast down fixed upon the ground
Their eyes cast down fixed upon the ground
In my life
*Alarm blaring*
Yeezy, Ne-Yo, the remix ayo
I think it's time to hit 'em with the Mase flow
My uh, she was gettin the best of me
But oooh, child, you my destiny
And I know it's especially
Hard with all these girls just testing me
Uh, and you gon' question me
If she even stand next to me
But you should laugh, 'cause you my better half
And these girls just fighting over the rest of me (c'mon!)
Right now it feels so crazy
I know she just some lady
And my outfit is just so 80's
Not to mention McLaren Mercedes
And the 26 in-inch rim whee-eels
Look so good with your 6-inch heels
Fly shit that you be on
Gucci on, Lanvin, Louboutin
And we high as the way we cruising on
High like I, like Mercury
Why do I mention the solar system?
Cause, you in my soul and system
And we gon' take her home with this one
I got something that you gon' like
You got something that I can't fight
We got something that we both gon' ride






Yeah, I'm taking niggas' lunch money
Too bad, I was fucking hungry
Real niggas don't notice you
I'm the only dope boy quotable
Mami tryna land a Sinatra
So she don't fuck niggas with Apple Watches
'Cause Rolex shopping is more exciting
Shout out to dope boy lit sixteen swipers
Howard homecoming kingpins
Movie on my neck with the screen gems
Me and my nigga havin' bottle wars
40 thousand on the floor when them bottles pour (Spill, nigga)
A Blu Ray to your DVD
You might've caught me on TMZ
Cameo tryna sue a nigga (Fuck 'em)
Cause I party hard like it's three of me
America's still abusing us
And 9/11 is the Ku Klux
So why wouldn't I fire back
When every day them niggas shooting us?
True enough, I'm out of line
You better stand for something 'fore you out of time
This is crime by design
If the crown ain't mine, tell me who am I behind
Yeah, I'm taking niggas' lunch money
Too bad, I was fucking hungry
Real niggas don't notice you
I'm the only dope boy quotable
Poppy get me everything I want
Riding 'round with Miguel Cotto in the trunk
What I'm cooking in the kitchen, niggas
Bobby Brown, New Edition, niggas
What I'm wearing in this blizzard, nigga
Mink, leather or it's lizard, nigga
Saint Laurent, I'm in all layers
The mannequin to you ballplayers
Shout out my Mac 11 monster
Grew up on Nintendo playing Contra
And though that nigga only 5'9"
100 bodies on his timeline
What's the price of success?
Lost my bitch, bought a chef
The 911 cost 211
Watch looking like a jeweler's heaven
Hottest 7, I'm so alive
Your bank account Swiss, nigga, so is mine
This is crime by design
If the crown ain't mine, tell me who am I behind
Yeah, I'm taking niggas' lunch money
Too bad, I was fucking hungry
Real niggas don't notice you
I'm the only dope boy quotable







("Breaking up") We can make it better
("Breaking up") We can make it better
("Breaking up") We can make it better
("Make It Up") We can make it
Somebody told me Delta's brown-skinned, AKA's light-skinned
And they supposed to be bougie, so they got white friends
First day of school, I'ma take you sight seein'
Show you what we do on weekends for excitement
She said, "I know what you about to say, like your hype man"
Last year a nigga hit her, and now she only date white men
And if a nigga even wave at her, it's frightenin', but
("Breaking up") We can make it better (better we can)
("Breaking up") We can make it better
(Better we can make it on up, we can)
("Breaking up") We can make it better (better we can)
("Breaking up") We can make it

("Breaking up") We can make it better (better we can)
("Breaking up") We can make it better
(Better we can make it on up, we can)
("Breaking up") We can make it better (better we can)
("Breaking up") We can make it

("Breaking up") We can make it better (better we can)
("Breaking up") We can make it better
(Better we can make it on up, we can)
("Breaking up") We can make it better (better we can)
("Breaking up") We can make it

("Breaking up") We can make it better (better we can)
("Breaking up") We can make it better
(Better we can make it on up, we can)
("Breaking up") We can make it better (better we can)
("Breaking up") We can make it

We can make it better (better we can)
("Breaking up") We can make it better
(Better we can make it on up, we can)
("Breaking up") We can make it better (better we can)
("Breaking up") We can make it



Ayo, I'm sitting on top of the, it's more than a feeling, ain't it?
I be killing, damn it, I'm illin', I'm illin', ay-ay-ay-ay
Meet Mr. Popular, go get your binoculars
And see "Penthouse 3" where a nigga be
Spitting fire on a PJ, in my PJs
Fire Marshall said I took it to the max like TJ
Y'all ain't peep, I said Marshall's, replay
I guess I'm like the black Marshall meets Jay
Meet 'Ye, alligator souffle, got it made
Special Ed got head from a girl in special ed
You know the pretty ones in that dumb class
But she got that dumb ass
Hit high school and got pregnant dumb fast
"What happened, Tisha? Your boyfriend come fast?"
Turn around, give me pound like we folks
"Hell no, I went raw, dawg, three strokes"




My homie called me like what up man
Not from Florida but what up fam
It's been a whole lot of hatin' again
And if they hatin' on me damn what up then
I met this girl when I was 3 years old
And what I loved most she had so much soul
She said "Excuse me little homey, I know you don't know me
But, my name is Windy and I like to blow trees"
And from that point I never blow her off
Niggas come from out of town, I like to show her off
They like to act tough, she like to tow 'em off
And make 'em straighten up they hat 'cos she know they soft
And when I grew up she showed me how to go downtown
In the nighttime, her face lit up, so astoundin'
I told her in my heart is where she'll always be
She never mess with entertainers cause they always leave
She said "It felt like they walked and drove on me
Knew I was gang affiliated, got on TV and told on me"
I guess that's why last winter she got so cold on me
She said "'Ye, keep making that platinum and gold for me!"
But if you really cared for her
Then you woulda never hit the airport and followed ya dreams
Sometimes I still talk to her, but when I talk to her
It always seem like she talkin bout me
She said, "You left ya kids, and they just like you
They wanna rap and make soul beats just like you
But they just not you, and I just got through
Talkin bout, what niggas tryin to do, just not new"
Now everybody got the game figured out all wrong
I guess you never know what you got till it's gone
I guess that's why I'm here and I can't come back home
And guess when I heard that? When I was back home
In the interviews I'm representin you makin you proud
Shoot for the stars so if you fall you land on the clouds
Jump in the crowds, spark ya lighters and wave 'em around
If you don't know by now, I'm talkin about Chi-Town










Let me get more volume
Nah, nah
Louder than my voice
Roll some, think I’ll roll some
To know some, if we both honest
Who lasts? Yeah, you lie
Spent the whole summer
Tryna be at the wrong place at the right time
But I know what's mine when I see it
I know, I know, I know when I see it
Riding down the 405, baby
Pacing, thinking, to myself
If I should make it right
When I pulled up to the light
And then my phone started ringing
Diamonds in the colors of those eyes
Don’t know why, but I know a sign when I see it







When you take the picture, cut off your face
And cover up the tattoo by the waist
Let the MC Serch 'til I reach 3rd base
And when I get home I'ma hit home plate
Wait, could this be considered our first date?
"'Ye, the picture just looks so trash"
Your body make a baller spend cooked coke cash
Plus every good girl wanna go bad
In Playboy mags like Stacey Dash
Or Kim Kardashian, be a lady aaaaat, it
You know what's a crazy thing?
Some girls'll make you wait longer than A.C. Green
Passion of the Christ, 33-Year Old Virgin
That's disrespectful baby, don't encourage him
I like 'em brown, yellow, Puerto Rican, or Persian
Dashiki, kimono, or turban
They say I dress white, but my swag so urban
Tryin my luck, I hit her with the text say
"Baby you up," Question mark
And she respond, "YES-S-S-I-R"











They gossiping, it runs the city
They don't know who watchin them when they comin to get me
So I hit the block and bend, do about sixty
And I put my Glocks to them, like blaow, blaow, blaow
I'm finna get on this TV and put shit down
I ain't finna let these light skinned niggas come back in style
I'm finna turn this class clown shit to crazy G's
They told my Momma I was bipolar, had A.D.D
I told 'em w-what I wanna do, I wanna be a baller
The dream spoilers'll fool ya
Hating on you to their mans on the corners
Old folks said he'd never make it off the corner
They are the virus that corrupts the soul
They are the cubic zirconia inside the ten-karat gold
That get green on you, when you get green on 'em
You gotta wash your hands of 'em, get clean on 'em
Somebody told me success is the best revenge
So they gon' be fucked up when you do your thing on 'em
Now hold your plaques high, like who would've thought?
And tell em *ahem ahem ahem*, thank you for your no support
They are the dream killers, they the dream killers
Who know a dream? Uh, they are the dream (killer Norman Bates)
They the dream killers, they the dream killers
Dream, they are the dream (killer Norman Bates)
Now how you going to talk about the way I spend my money?
Everybody say it with me now, it's my money
And they know they hating, but what they don't know is
They are my motivation, they are my inspiration
'Cause we the leaders and they the followers
And we the nut busters and they the swallowers
They are the rumors, they are the lies
We are the shit, dog, and they the flies
How you gonna tell me how to live my life?
And you can't even get your own shit tight, right?
They are the misery that loves company
'Cause that comfortable corporate job can't comfort me
Told 'em I finished school, then I started my own business
They said, "Oh you graduated?" Nah, I decided I was finished
Chasing y'all dreams and what you got planned
Now I spit it so hot, you got tanned
And they hate on your relationship then break your marriage up
Can't kill your dreams so they assassinate your character
Do anything to downplay you or embarrass you
Come around with you but they ain't down with you
They the dream killers
(Killer Norman Bates)
And I'm through spitting these rappers my most heartfelt flow
'Cause they be like, "That's cool, you got some beats for me though?"
Oh, I get it, you want to be Snoop and Dr. Dre
But don't nobody give a fuck what you got to say
Anyway, what you finna rap about?
You never sold crack out your house or put a gat to a mouth
Or put your fist to your spouse, so how you gon' move the crowd?
I bet a thousand that you get booed out
I even heard that they even taking wagers in jail
They bet ten boxes of cigarettes that I'm finna fail
Second you talk about peace, they gon' be like, "Peace?"
This nigga came from the Chi, moved to the East
You gotta kill at least one person at least
Or we'll evict you from the rap game, cancel your lease
How you go to New York? What, you ain't never took a tour there?
What, you ain't know you gotta be rich just to be poor there?
The dream killers
They gossiping, it runs the city
They don't know who watchin them when they comin to get me
So I hit the block and bend, do about sixty
And I put my Glocks to them, like blaow, blaow, blaow
What’s Gucci my nigga? What’s Louis my killa?







You fall out
You call out
You need that
Uh
We ball out the same
I don't wanna know your name
We ball out the chain
I just wanna say my name
I call out
Insane
Baby you ain't never know
I'm living life you know
Baby you ain't never know
I call out the same
Baby you ain't never change
I live out the live
I just wanna tell no lies
I been out the road
Baby you ain't never know
I pull up inside
Baby you just wanna ride
I know that
You need that
Believe that
Your whole back
You know that
I know you never know
I know you never know
I'm balling in my show
I pull up in my town
And all my homies they know they 'round
We call out
Insane
I don't wanna know your name
We ball out the chain
I just wanna say you know
I know that
You need that
Believe that
You need that
No 'gree that
I live that
The whole life
You know that
Ooooh
I ball out
The road
You know that
You know
I know you never know
High lights
Tell my baby I'm back in town
High lights
Tell everybody I'm back in town
High lights
Tell my baby I'm back in town
High lights
We only makin' the highlights
Tell my mama, tell my mama, that I only want my whole life to only be highlights
We only makin' the highlights
Tell my mama, tell my mama, that I only want my whole life to only be highlights

Can we play that back one time?
And after that night I'm gon' wanna play this shit back, I don't know
Sometimes I'm wishin' that my dick had GoPro
So I could play that shit back in slo-mo
I just shot an amateur video; I think I should go pro
We only makin' the highlights (slow motion, slow motion)
We only makin' the highlights (slow motion, slow motion)
Tell my mama, tell my mama, that I only want my whole life to be only be highlights

I bet me and Ray J would be friends
If we ain't love the same bitch
Yeah, he might have hit it first
Only problem is I'm rich

And eventually there's gon' be so many niggas
There's one white girl told me she hate white cock
That's when I knew hip hop was the new rock
When you know you gotta keep your business zip-loc'd
Cause the nigga still got her Gucci flip-flops
Old bitches know I put the dick on they dentures
Might tell 'em Lexington Steele is my mentor
Famous people act so damn pretentious, huh?
What she need is an hour of some inches, huh?
Got a thick dick hopping on some trenches, huh?
Got the Fruit of Islam in the trenches. huh?
Even though they know Yeezus is a Christian, huh?
She spent a whole check on some Christians, huh?
And that bitch ain't even religious, huh?
I'm respected, I'm way too prestigious
Y'all motherfuckers throwing bows like Riddick
Crack coke, crack sale, white niggas got mail
Might drop a baby line and call that shit Pastel
Walkin', livin', breathin', god, you know my past well
Hard to believe in God, your nigga got killed
Bad bitches fuckin' Rob, though he overweight
I wish my trainer would, tell me what I overate
So when I'm on vacay, I need to kick back
Hah, huh, what you want?
Want a boss or an R&B nigga with a six pack?
I need every bad bitch up in Equinox
I need to know right now if you a freak or not
I need every bad bitch up in Equinox
I need to know right now if you a freak or not
I need every bad bitch up in Equinox
I need to know right now if you a freak or not
I need every bad bitch up in Equinox
I need to know right now if you a freak or not

I need at least seven days with Chloe Sevigny
Since I saw Brown Bunny, it ain't never been the same
I ain't gon' tell ya that I've never been a lame, but
Ever since with Hov, I got that Roc-A-Fella chain
Man, shit just changed, shit just changed
My nigga Dame said let's get this change
Get this thing, iPhone thing
We only makin' the highlights (slow motion, slow motion)
We only makin' the highlights (slow motion, slow motion)
Tell my mama, tell my mama, that I only want my whole life to be only be highlights

We only makin' the highlights
Tell my mama, tell my mama, that I only want my whole life to be only be highlights
It's Kenny sippin' Henny, rhymes slicker than Teflon
At Stoolbend High, I'm the black Zac Efron
And when I meet a shorty, you know, we're goin' backwards
Pullin' more tail than my man, John Edwards
Lumpy, chunky, booger-eatin' chump be
Actin' outta place like Hootie singin' country!
Leave my girl alone and get your own tenderoni
C'mon, who are we kidding?
You're used to being lonely

Fall back, big boy, cuz ya steppin' to the best
Kenny West, test, test, test!
Yo, is this thing on?
Qach. yo’ baq HIch qaq!
Yeah, I just dissed you in Klingon

Alright, alright, I know you think you so hot
Question is, can you sing like a robot?
Yes, I can sing like a robot
Now, y'all just witness history in the makin'
Greatest combination since eggs and bacon
Kenny West and Cleveland Jr. Brown!
Let's get up...
And burn this mutha down!
Angel, angel
Angel, angel

I wanna turn up the sound and spread my wings
Because I'm riding with my (angel)
Going through the city of the Chi
Makes me feel like I'm in the city of (angels)
Ohh, I wanna fly, fly away with my (angel)
She takes me high, she will always be my (angel)

I wanna turn up the sound and spread my wings
Because I'm riding with my (angel)
Going through the city of the Chi
Makes me feel like I'm in the city of (angels)
Ohh, I wanna fly, fly away with my (angel)
She takes me high, she will always be my (angel)

I wanna turn up the sound and spread my wings
Because I'm riding with my (angel)
Going through the city of the Chi
Makes me feel like I'm in the city of (angels)
Ohh, I wanna fly, fly away with my (angel)
She takes me high, she will always be my (angel)

A little trouble in the city
Trouble in my home
She told me love don't live here anymore
I wanna run to the light
It's too dark in this part of night
I need somebody who can make it right
And it's on tonight
How about we go and save the night
I can see you want it and so do I
How about we go and save the night
Let's save the night
I'm not a one man band
I want to sing a duet
You and me would sound much better
You look so good in my bed
And if your gonna go out
Your gonna go out with a bang
Let's save the night i'll be your superman
And it's on tonight
How about we go and save the night
I can see you want it and so do I
How about we go and save the night
Let's save the night
I see the night flashing before her eyes
Resuscitating bring it back to life
And it's on tonight
How about we go and save the night
I can see you want it and so do I
How about we go and save the night
Let's save the night
Off the meds, off the head
Niggas soft as bread, niggas soft as bread
Stay off them blogs, they play with y'all thoughts
Made a way from my dawgs that ain't say what they saw
Only the brave, they want us locked in the cage
If you owe me money, I shouldn't have to remind you to pay
Vacheron with my Ralph Lauren
How this bitch a full time leech and still beg on the side?
Off the meds, can't get out of the bed
Paparazzi waitin' like that mall on the Dawn of the Dead
I don't know you, my dawg, step away from the bus
Know they want me to fall, but my balance is just
You weren't with me when them struggles and battles was tough
So I cut your head off 'fore I give you a cut
When they tell me I can't do it, it give me a rush
Ain't got this type of bank account 'less you 50 and up
They on my muhfuckin' dick, all this dirt they tryin' get
Go with whoever, I ain't got no pick
Come through just to get that flick
Get back, go down
New 'Rari, slow down
Check the score, blow out
I'm a bull like the home town
Yeezys on, Yeezy bomber, wear my own designer
Name good, all my bridges open, go wherever, that's power
She came from the club tryna fuck, bitch, get in the shower
You a kid to me, boy, I prolly fucked your mama
Hunnid Ms, you did that? Baddest chick in the world, you hit that?
Took your bitch, you miss that?
All the fake buyers, bitch, get back
Yeah, get back, get back
Hunnid rounds, no kickback
Mansion party, lil' kickback
Champagne, gon' sip that
Get that, get back
Hunnid rounds, no kickback
Mansion party, lil' kickback
Fake vibes, we ain't with that
Look what they doin', look what they sayin'
"That nigga selfish, look at his mansion"
Thirty thousand square feet, secret rooms, look at the plan
Look at the money, look at the bands
I get on my knees, I'm thankin' the man
He said he ain't like that nigga, I just seen him shakin' his hand
I'm shakin' my head, I'm shakin' my head
You like that Benz? They made it in France
But watch your hands, get back
Get back, get back
Hunnid rounds, no kickback
Mansion party, lil' kickback
Fake vibes, we ain't with that
Champagne, gon' sip that
Hunnid rounds, no kickback
All the fake vibes, I ain't with that
My life a mofo, spot like some UFO
Price tag upon your soul, you sold it, you gotta go
Trade my respect for some attention? Fuck no
Lookin' at these bitches bodies, girl, y'all overdose
Why y'all overdose?









Hold up






Damn, how did she bring it up? How did she break it down?
Man, you at the clinic? Dog, slow down, that's your child
But if you keep it, then you gotta tell your girl you was cheating
And you went raw dog when you beat it
That's when she gon' tell you to beat it
And you know it ain't y'all little secret
You famous, you can't go nowhere
'Cause everytime you go there, there's hoes there
So basically, you and your girl over
And I know when she broke the news
You told her, "Man, don't say that"
Matter fact, like Pat, don't say jack
Every time a nigga sitting on pay stacks
Things come up from way, way, way back
Way back, way back
Way, way back, way back


November 5th, and now she's sixty
Riding down the highway with her friends at her side
Her life without them wouldn't be complete
They are her joy and pride
She's learned a lot from all her good friends
About turning sixty, she's the first to reach that stop
We're gonna party 'til we just can't party no more
She's big on cocktails, Nobu Malibu
Hermes, Birkins, Chanel
Givenchy, momager meetings
Christmas Eve parties, lots of vodka
Baby showers, Khloe money parties
Valentino, keeping up on Sundays
Everybody, they ain't happy
Cause the girls are shining all the time
Looks like another fun-filled day
She loves her friends
(We love you)
(She loves you)
She loves her friends
(She loves you)
(Friends, she loves you)
She loves her friends
(She loves you)
(She loves you)
(She loves us)
(We love it, and we love you)
(She loves you)
(She loves you)
(She loves you)
(No she loves you dude)
(She loves you)
(No she loves you)
Look at her friends, look at their faces
Look how they all go to such chic places
Look at these girls, there's nothing like them nowhere
(She loves shoes... I mean you)
Craig's (She loves you)
Balmain (She loves you)
Glam squad (She loves you)
Beverly Hills Hotel (She loves you)
(She loves you) (She loves you)
She loves her friends
(She loves you)
(She loves you)
She loves you
(She loves you)
(She loves you)
(She loves you)
(Who gives a fuck how old you are?)
(Because you'll be forever young to me)
She loves her friends
(She loves you)
(She loves you)
She loves her friends
(She loves you)
(She loves you)
(She love you)
(I love my friends)
(Haha there you go, she loves us)
She loves you guys








Let the suicide doors up
I threw suicides on the tour bus
I threw suicides on the private jet
You know what that mean, I'm fly to death
I step in Def Jam buildin' like I'm the shit
Tell 'em gimme fifty million or I'ma quit
Most rappers' taste level ain't at my waist level
Turn up the bass 'til it's up-in-yo-face level
Don't do no press but I get the most press kit
Plus, yo, my bitch make your bitch look like Precious
Somethin' 'bout Mary, she gone off that molly
Now the whole party is meltin' like Dalí
Now everybody is movin' they body
Don't sell me apartment, I'll move in the lobby (yah)
Niggas is loiterin' just to feel important
You gon' see lawyers and niggas in Jordans (2 Chainz)



I'd rather just let the music speak for itself. You know, it's like, I was happy to be in a situation where people couldn't say, oh, I was trying to promote my own song. For the times that I've, like, defended myself...
I'm pushing the envelope! I wrote my fuckin' 'Run This Town' verse for a fuckin' month! When I heard Eminem's verse on the Drake shit, I went back and rewrote my shit for two days. I canceled appointments to rewrite! I fuckin' care! You know what I'm saying? And that's what I'm saying. Because I did that, Taylor Swift cannot win over Beyoncé! Because I wrote my verse in two days, Taylor Swift cannot beat Beyoncé. As long as I'm alive! And if I'm alive, kill me then! Kill me then! As long as I'm alive, you gon' have to deal with it. Cause there ain't gonna be no more motherfucking Elvises with no James Browns
Why are you so angry? What's the anger?
Because my mother got arrested for the fuckin' sit-ins. My mother died for this fame shit! I moved to fuckin' Hollywood chasing this shit. My mother died because of this shit. Fuck MTV
It ain't no love. What the fuck was Pink performing? Don't nobody know that song. Pink performed twice! Two songs? How the fuck Pink perform twice and I didn't even get asked to perform "Heartless." "Heartless" is the biggest song of the year! It had the most spins of the first quarter! I don't know that Pink song! But I noticed that she's pink! They put me in a fuckin' room and projected it
How the fuck did Eminem get the Best Hip-Hop song in 2008?
McDonalds Man
McDonalds Man
The french fries had a plan
The french fries had a plan
The salad bar and the ketchup made a band
Cus the french fries had a plan
The french fries had a plan
McDonalds Man
McDonalds
I know them french fries have a plan
I know them french fries have a plan
The cheeseburger and the shakes formed a band
To overthrow the french fries plan
I always knew them french fries was evil man
Smelling all good and shit
I don't trust no food that smells that good man
I don't trust it
I just can't
McDonalds Man
McDonalds Man
McDonalds, damn
Them french fries look good though
I knew the Diet Coke was jealous of the fries
I knew the McNuggets was jealous of the fries
Even the McRib was jealous of the fries
I could see it through his artificial meat eyes
And he only be there some of the time
Everybody was jealous of them french fries
Except for that one special guy
That smooth apple pie
Broke, broke, broke phi broke (we ain't got it)
Broke, broke, broke phi broke (we ain't got it)
Broke, broke broke phi broke (we ain't got it)
Broke, broke, broke phi-
I've called this private meeting today because there is an imposter among us
There is an imposter among us
This brother right here has been out making beats on the side, yes he has
Pretending he's broke walking amongst us
This brother has been eating every day, can you believe that? Eating every day
Pretending he's with us, he's not one of us
I did not want to believe this, but I walked into the brother Kanye's closet and I found new shoes
I found new shoes!
Kanye, would you like to step forward and explain these new shoes?!
I was-you crazy, I wasn't, I didn't, um, I was just um, I was-
No, you speak up, brother!
I was gon' stick-I'm tryin to stick to my roots and-
What?
I wanna stick to my roots, and-
What?! You march your new shoes out of here, Kanye. Don't you ever come back in 'em. Don't you ever come back smellin' all good, taking showers and shit like that, alright? We don't appreciate that down here at Broke Phi Broke
What's next?
Introducing... Mr. I Ain't Know You Did That
And, Mr. Oh, That's My Favorite Shit
And Mr. OH! Damn, I Wish That Was a Single
And uh, like Noreaga say, it goes... uh!
I go to Jacob with 25 thou, you go with 25 hundred, wow
I got 11 plaques on my wall right now
You got your first gold single damn nigga, wow
H to the Izzo did 3 thou spins in a week
You get a thou in a month, wow
Y'all niggas want credit but y'all need to slow down
Kanye to the killin' y'all from Chi-town
How your wife gon' say she never sold drugs a day in her life?
But she still wanna pump the yay?
And y'all mad 'cause y'all not knowin
'Cause these canaries so yellow
When y'all pull up whether to stop or keep going
I got Gs, rock Rock n Roll tees wit no sleeves
Tats showin', tucked in, strap showin'
How he get seven TVs in that ‘lac-‘lac?
3 in the front, 2 in the back, 2 in that back-back
While you in that hatchback
And try to sell work and don’t get shit from them packs back
And try to rap, the studios won't give you ya DATs back
And try to get publishin', all you get in your ass capped (That's all, nigga)
And that’s that
I go to Jacob with 25 thou
You go with 25 hundred, wow
I got eleven plaques on my wall right now
You got your first gold single! Damn, nigga, wow!
Magazines call me a rock star, bitches call me cock-star
Billboard pop star, neighborhood block star
Chi-town go-getting pimps, we mobsters
Gingerbread man even says “You’re a monster”
Remember that? Uh-huh, that’s that Shrek shit
Remember back in ’92, niggas used to catch wreck, shit
Remember that track I tracked for you bout three months ago?
Uh 0uh, that’s the one, now cut my check, bitch
And I ain't feeling that Lexus - more that CLK
See me like "Damn! A CL, K?”
Yeah that’s how we eating and, keep us looking peace and then
I ain't know he rap as good as he do beats, and then
I go to Jacob with 25 thou
You go with 25 hundred, wow
I got 11 plaques on my wall right now
You got your first gold single damn nigga, wow
H to the Izzo did three-thou spins in a week
You get a thou in a month, wow
Y'all niggas want credit but y'all need to slow down
Kanye to the killin' y'all from Chi-town
Now, niggas forcing me to keep the heater
Black strap, white handle, I got jungle fever
You know the rules, five up close, one gon' leave ya
You don't know about Kanye? Son gon' teach you
What's the first thing that popped in ya mind
While I was popping this rhyme?
You don't picture popping a nine?
See you paralyzed from the top of the spine...
Everybody, let's go
Don't stop baby, don't stop me
Don't stop baby, don't stop me
I like the way that you move
And girl you know how I do
It's in your hip
I want to get right between your strip
Use it like Lancome lipstick
Scarlett, and frankly I really do care, madam
All you will, this is Sa-Ra fam, now back to ma'am
I know that you can move like that I saw you dance
And now you you gotta show out, make me a fan
Turn up the fan, we gonna sweat crazy
What's your favorite Gatorade, lady
Hadn't been shopping, Perrier water maybe
I hope you ain't hungry got mash but no gravy
But we can make some, the best of both juices
We can use this, this some new shit
Make it hot like Crisco
That's how my flow go, shorty you ain't know?
If you ain't po, stop being so high post
My music ain't just for the siditty and pretty it's for
Everybody, let's go
Don't stop baby, don't stop me
Don't stop baby, don't stop me
I like the way that you move
And girl you know how I do
Shorty you killin' 'em hard with them lady pants
Simple elegance looking better when you dance
Chest to the sun with your thoroughbred stance
You gallop to the rhythms of a native drum chant
Your granny must be Navajo
Your mama do rodeo, your papa do the saville row
I bite you, ain't no antidotes
The red blouse do arouse, I come at you like a matador
Does attract horny bulls
All the girls are waiting to see which one he pulls
Eenie meenie miney meenie prenuptial
Enforcer in the Porsche in case fools wanna duel
You'll cool your fuckin jets, who wanna be next?
Ooh, I'll probably get life if I let
One off, so I let em go like a pro
Sir Andre with an accent 3 triple 0
Ben-jamin, Lauren is the middle name
That was given by my mama, success was on her brain
Rain? Bentley Farns got the umbrellas
Benjamin got the sweaters, hey what more can we sell em?
Sun, spring will bring the parasol
Now watch him parasail to entertain us all
Everybody, let's go
Don't stop baby, don't stop me
Don't stop baby, don't stop me
I like the way that you move
And girl you know how I do
It's not Jay-Z and Beyoncé
It's not Nicki or Lil Wayne
It's not Oprah and Obama
The Pope and Rihanna
Queen Elizabeth or Kanye
It's not pentagrams or witchcraft
It's not triangles or stacks of cash
Black magic or Gaga
Gucci or Prada
Riding on the Golden Calf
All-Seeing Eye is watching tonight
That's what it is, Truth and the Light
All-Seeing Eye is watching tonight
Nothing to hide, the secret's inside
It's like, everybody in this party shining like Illuminati
It's like, everybody in this party shining like Illuminati
It's the enlightenment that started it all
The Founding Fathers wrote it down on the wall
And now the media's misleading us all
Turned right into wrong
It's time to dance and turn this dark into something
So let the fire burn, this music is bumping
We're gonna live forever, love never dies
It starts tonight
Behind the curtain of the New World Order
It's not platinum encrypted corners
It's not ISIS or the Phoenix
Pyramids of Egypt
Don't make it into something sordid
It's not Steve Jobs or Bill Gates
It's not the Google of United States
It's not Bieber or LeBron
Clinton or Obama
Or anyone you love to hate
All-Seeing Eye is watching tonight
That's what it is, Truth and the Light
All-Seeing Eye is watching tonight
Nothing to hide, secret's inside
It's like, everybody in this party, shining like Illuminati
It's like, everybody in this party, shining like Illuminati
You know that everything that glitters ain't gold
So let the music take you out of control
It's time to feel it in your body and soul
C'mon, let's go
We're gonna dance and turn this dark into something
So let the fire burn, this music is bumping
We're gonna live forever, love never dies
It starts tonight
It's like
It's like
It's like, everybody in this party, shining like illuminati
It's like, everybody in this party, shining like illuminati
It's like, everybody in this party, shining like Illuminati
It's like, everybody in this party, shining like Illuminati
It's like, everybody in this party, shining like Illuminati
It's like, everybody in this party, shining like Illuminati
Everybody in this party, shining like Illuminati
It's like, everybody in this party, shining like Illuminati


(Plain Pat what up?)
Lifestyles of the broke and famous
Let you know how crazy this game is
Look at all the new beautiful faces
At home supermodel, Myspaces
Long for their shot on the TV screens
American Idol never seen these dreams
Just last week they want to see ID
Now they got you in VIP, huh?
How many people almost famous?
You almost remember what they name is
Like "Hey, didn't you play in..?
No, it couldn't be, quit playin'"
And try to keep that balance after MTV
That's a Real World Challenge
Back on that train
Never to be heard from again





I ain't ever been scurred
Never been a type to bite my words
When I came up ya'll gave me shit
Now I'm gunna make ya'll eat them terds
Always said what the fuck I felt
Gon head spit that murder I wrote
Man I dont care what what you felt
Fuck you nigga I know I'm dope
Dope like I'm comin to get my all
Felt like I had to play the fly on the wall
Felt like niggas was stuntin on me
Funny how I'm flyer then them all
Now I'm at the top ain't know where to go now
Instead of me, she gon go down
Maybe I would've slowed down
If I knew what I know now
I'm stupid, yeah I know I'm dumb
It could get fuckin old but its good I'm young
But my heart get cold as the hood I'm from
Tell me what it take to be numba one
I guess its gon be what its gon be
But heres one thing ya'll got to hear
I'mma tell you like George Bush told me
Fuck ya'll niggas I'm out of here

Hmmm,mmm,mmm,mmm
FYI, I haven't smoked one ounce of weed today
(That's wild right)
Yeah, I figured that out
People talk shit about me
Deep down they knowing they ain't right
Hmmm, When I walk into the room they can't look in my eyes
When I walk into the room they can't look in my eyes
(You know who the fuck you is)
People talk shit about me and they know that I know
And they also knowing they ain't right
Hmmm, when I walk in the room they can't look in my eyes
Cause when I walk in the room they can't look in my eyes
I be laughing at you niggas, Taunting you niggas
Who the winner of this shit?
Surrounded by fake niggas and fake bitches
Tryna' get in my ear
What about gold diggers? Yeah, all them
You Tryna get them some gig
Give me coochie from the gooch
Set your sights too low
Hah, you coulda had you some lean
I got someone, na, na
I ain't never met a bitch, ain't a bitch ain't need 10 G's
Hah, I ain't ever met a fool full of somethin' that ain't out for me
Well I know, na,na
One day you'll see, one day you'll see me
People talk shit about me, deep down they knowin' they ain't right
Hmmm, when I walk in the room they can't look in my eyes
When I walk in the room they can't look in my eyes
(You know who the fuck you is)
People talk shit about me and they know that I know
And they also know that they ain't right
Hmmm, when I walk in the room they can't look in my eyes
Cause when I walk in the room they can't look in my eyes

(WOO)
People talk shit about me
Deep down they knowing they ain't right
Hmmm, When I walk into the room they can't look in my eyes
When I walk into the room they can't look in my eyes
(Know what you did to me baby, you know who the fuck you is)
People talk shit about me and they know that I know
And they also know that they ain't right
Hmmm, when I walk in the room they can't look in my eyes
Cause when I walk in the room they can't look in my eyes

Malice found religion, Tony found prison
I’m just tryna find my way out this fucking kitchen
A birdseye view got me channelling my vision
Turn one to two now the kilo’s got a sibling
Father knows best, wash my hands all is forgiven
We kicking up dust like the colosseum floors
Walls full of safes like they mausoleum doors
Pussy getting wet as she walking through my morgue
Grants, Jacksons no room for George
Yeh, the Fear of God’s in you muthafuckers
This art imitate my life
You WorldStarHipHop fame based off imitation hype
Eliminate the fools gold and imitation ice
My music for your soul, inspiration for your life
Every dime made in his life more disastrous
Help my young bitch see her way through her Bachelor's
Sent my old bitch right back to get her Masters
Same graduation I was clapping in the rafters
The truth hurts everytime it’s revealed
What goes around comes around, this is lifes ferris wheel
Grab hold and reverse the steering wheel as I parrallel park
Kentucky derby on the grill
The fact that I’m free lets me know God is great
Ten year marathon of me selling concentrate
These rappers talk crowns but I’d rather talk fear
Villian like candyman, say my name and I’ll appear
No weapon formed against me shall prosper
Hakuna matata, feet up sipping java
Strolling up the totem poll, what’s my only problem
Scrolling through my Rolodex, who shall bear my toddler
So many hands raised as the band plays
I’m here now, watch how many nigga's plans change
Penitentiary chances, the devil dances
And eventually answers to the call of Autumn
All of them fallin’ for the love of ballin’
Got caught with 30 rocks, the cop look like Alec Baldwin
Inter century anthems based off inner city tantrums
Based off the way we was branded
Face it, Jerome get more time than Brandon
And at the airport they check all through my bag and tell me that it’s random
But we stay winning, this week has been a bad massage
I need a happy ending and a new beginning
And a new fitted and some job opportunities thats lucrative
And sold your dreams, you don’t know who did it
I treat the cash, the way the government treats aids
I won’t be satisfied til all my niggas get it
I need more drinks and more lights
Hot American Apparel girl in just tights
She told the director she tryna get in a school
Told to take them glasses off and get in the pool
It’s been a while since I watched the tube
Its like a crip said: “I got way too many blues for any more bad news”
I was looking at my resume feeling real fresh today
They rewrite history I don’t believe in yesterday
What’s a black Beatle anyway, a fucking roach
I guess that's why they got me sitting in fucking coach
But God said I need a different approach
Cause people is looking at me like I’m sniffing coke
It ain't funny anymore try different jokes
Tell ‘em hug and kiss my ass, x and o
Kiss the ring while they at it, do my thing while I’m got it
Play strings for the dramatic
And end all of that wack shit
Act like I ain't had a belt in two classes
I ain't got it I’m going after whoever who has it
I’m coming after whoever. Who has it?
You blowing up, that’s good, fantastic
That y’all, its like that ya’ll
I don’t really give a fuck about it at all
Cause the same people that tried to black ball me
Forgot about two things, my black balls
Uh, I let you into my diary to admire me
The making of this man, I let you see the higher me
The self righteous drug dealer dichotomy
I’m drawing from both sides, I’m Siamese
The tug of war opens the door, entrada
Rip me apart and see what’s inside this pinata
And rolling kilos in gymstrada is one saga
One chapter of black magic, I’m Harold Potter
Feels like I’m doomed to dealing with women whom
Relationships with their fathers won’t allow us to bloom
And blossom, I swear this Vegas nights was awesome
But adios I blow my own dice before I toss ‘em, loss ‘em
Some other muthafuckers double crossed ‘em
Tryna snatch my nigga back I blew a small fortune
Russell with the work, we was like the four horsemen
Rick Flair with the flame, I’m muthfucking Gorgeous, wooooooooo
As the gull wing doors lift, Karate Kid, crane kick, no Jaden Smtih
Whiter than the coke brush that they paint me with
Sunk leather seats softer than an angels kiss
But the devil red, tires double tread
I’m posting parks up. that gets me double head
Tight rope walking tryna keep a level head
The bright lights blind look what the devil did
Yeah
It’s hip hop, this is euphemism for a new religion
The soul music for the slaves that the youth is missing
This is more than just my road to redemption
Malcolm West had the whole nation standing to attention
As long as I’m in Polo’s they think they got me
But they would try to crack me if they ever saw a black me
I thought I chose a field where they couldn’t sack me
If a nigga ain't running shootin a jump shot running a track meet
But this pimp is, on the top of mount Olympus
Ready for the World’s game, this is my Olympics
We make ‘em say ho cause the game is so pimpish
Choke a South Park writer with a fishstick
And I assisted to get up offa this dick
And these drugs, fans can't resist it
Remember, remind of when they tried to have Ali enlisted
If I ever one of the greatest homie, I must have missed it!
I've been waiting for a minute
Pour out, ayy
For my lady, and I

See, before I let you go
One last thing I need to let you know
You ain't never seen nothing crazier than
This nigga when he off his Lexapro
Had more than another episode
Last time I was down in Mexico
Asking me why the hell I text in code
Four times that you say don't text me ho
Told you four times, don't test me, ho
Now we finna lose all self-control
But you ain't finna be raising your voice at me
Especially when we in a Giuseppe store
But I'mma have the last laugh in the end
Cause I'm from a tribe called check a ho
Yeah, I'mma have to laugh in the end
Cause I'm from a tribe called check a ho
And I...



I hear the girls scream soon as we arrivin'
You can ask Ibn, we be straight mackin'
Y'all work at IBM, hotels they be in
Ooh la la, tres bien magnifique
Any street
Father is the black Bruce Wayne
Only shorty in preschool rockin' two chains
If you talkin' 'bout marriage, you mean multi-million heiress
I just penetrate and switch hands in that bitch
Kill they kids, tell that kid, hands in that bitch
I just penetrate and switch hands in that bitch
I just penetrate and quit playin' with that bitch

I just penetrate and switch hands in that bitch
Kill they kids, tell that kid, hands in that bitch
I just penetrate and switch hands in that bitch
Man, you got to hate it, man you got to hate it
I just penetrate and switch hands in that bitch
Kill they kids, tell that kid, hands in that bitch
I just penetrate and switch hands in that bitch
Man, you got to hate it, man, I'm motivated
Man, you got to hate it, man, I'm motivated
Man, I'm underrated, over-overstated
Rappin' over thirty, talkin' out related
That's captivated, Grammy nominated
Your shit outdated, my shit upgraded
Your shit outdated, my shit upgraded
I just penetrate and switch hands in that bitch
Kill they kids, tell that kid, hands in that bitch
I just penetrate and switch hands in that bitch
Man, you got to hate it, man I'm motivated
I just penetrate and switch hands in that bitch
Kill they kids, tell that kid, hands in that bitch
I just penetrate and switch hands in that bitch
Man, you got to hate it, man, I'm motivated
It's the ugliest nightmare born from the prettiest dreams
Millions of people tryin' to get on the scene
And everyone sellin' their souls, everyone sellin' their...
Everyone sayin' they woke
But they sleepwalkin', dead, eyes closed
L.A. monster
I pray the Lord my soul to keep
Lord, save these people, they asleep
They lettin' Satan run they streets
Lord, save us from
L.A. monster
I pray the Lord my soul to keep
Lord, save these people, they asleep
They lettin' Satan run they streets
Lord, save us from
L.A. monster (L.A. Monster)
L.A. monster, L.A
L.A. monster, L.A
L.A. monster, L.A
L.A. monster, L.A
It's the ugliest nightmare born from the prettiest dreams (Oh)
Millions of people tryin' to get on the scene (Oh, yeah)
And everyone sellin' their souls, everyone sellin' their...
Everyone sayin' they woke (Oh, yeah)
But they sleepwalkin', dead, eyes closed (Yeah-yeah)
L.A. monster
It's the ugliest nightmare born from the prettiest dreams
Millions of people tryin' to get on the scene
And everyone sellin' their souls, everyone sellin' their...
Everyone sayin' they woke
But they sleepwalkin', dead, eyes closed
L.A. monster (L.A. monster)
L.A. monster, L.A
L.A. monster, L.A
L.A. monster, L.A
L.A. monster, L.A
L.A. monster, L.A
Jesus, save all my people
L.A. monster, L.A
From this monster, 'fore it takes their souls
L.A. monster, L.A
It gives false hope and eats them whole
L.A. monster, L.A
Sinned billionaires who are still broke
L.A. monster, L.A
Jesus, save all my people
L.A. monster, L.A
From this monster, 'fore it takes their souls
L.A. monster, L.A
It gives false hope and eats them whole
L.A. monster, L.A
Sinned billionaires who are still broke

And I'm ballin', I'm, I'm, and I'm ballin', I
And I'm ballin', and I'm ballin'
And I'm ballin', and one
And I'm ballin', off the glass
And I'm ballin', and one
And I'm ballin', blow the whistle
And I'm ballin', and one
And I'm ballin', off the glass
And I'm ballin', and one
And I'm ballin', blow the whistle
And I'm ballin', and one
And I'm ballin', off the glass
And I'm ballin', and one
And I'm ballin', blow the whistle

And I'm ballin', I'm, I'm, and I'm ballin', I
And I'm ballin', and I'm ballin'
And I'm ballin', and one
And I'm ballin', off the glass
And I'm ballin', and one
And I'm ballin', blow the whistle
And I'm ballin', and one
And I'm ballin', off the glass
And I'm ballin', and one
And I'm ballin', blow the whistle
And I'm ballin', and one
And I'm ballin', off the glass
And I'm ballin', and one
And I'm ballin', blow the whistle

And I'm ballin', I'm, I'm, and I'm ballin', I
And I'm ballin', and I'm ballin'
And I'm ballin', and one
And I'm ballin', off the glass
And I'm ballin', and one
And I'm ballin', blow the whistle
And I'm ballin', and one
And I'm ballin', off the glass
And I'm ballin', and one
And I'm ballin', blow the whistle
And I'm ballin', and one
And I'm ballin', off the glass
And I'm ballin', and one
And I'm ballin', blow the whistle




Out of the body, uh, jury has got him, um
Serious society, my spirit is Godly
I’m buildin' a buildin’ where children can lobby
So we can make billions from buildin' a hobby
I really find pride in just being a pilot
I'm runnin' for presi’, um, "deez nuts" on the ballot, yeah
Bein' exotic, my genes is robotic
They bought us like slaves and uh, sold us like product
I bought a factory, pickin' the cotton
Bought a factory, sent 'em to college
He made it already with nothin' to lose
And free attitude with nothin' to prove
We goin' crazy, I got the juice
Playin' them dead to get out the noose
I don't read your point-of-views
I can't hear you at this altitude
And they steady sayin' that I'm brute
I be rude if I don't come beat the shit out you




{whispers} Dedication 2...
Alright I think you ready this time
Y'all know what I come here for
Call me the iPod King
Call me Mr. Thanksgiving
Call me whatever the fuck you want
Bang bang, I shot you down
Bang bang, you hit the ground
Bang bang, that awful sound
Bang bang... I used to shoot you down
Hah, Dedication 2, that's right, you already...
Wake up motherfuckers it's Weezy, you got a problem?
Heads to them Katrina victims, we still mobbin'
Shiny black coupe at night look like a goblin
AK on the backseat, baby it's so-{*record rewinds*}
Wake up motherfuckers it's Weezy, you got a problem?
Heads to them Katrina victims, we still mobbin
Shiny black coupe at night look like a goblin
AK on the backseat, baby it's so vivrant
Watch me let it spray like a hydrant, can't dodge it
You not gettin' wet in the rain is not logic
She won't give that pussy to Wayne, I'm so obliged just
Live and direct from inside of ya bitch body
And, hi there ho what do ya know I'm ridin'
In the same streets my pops died in, I got 'em and
I get that money tell my momma I'm grindin'
And I'll be coming home with our future in my pocket
Shoot you if you block it, leave a nigga awkward
Murder the adults and let the kids get adopted
Sit it in the pot and watch me rise to power
Gettin' out twenty American pies an hour
Goddamn, excuse ma'am but I'm the man
And you better put my money in my hand, stop playin'!
Got ends, no friends, just brothers one color
And I spread the motherfucker all over your room shutters
Yeah, they knew better I'm two letters
I'm like M.J. and 2-3 and O.G., yeah I'm low-key
Cause niggas and bitches is police
I roll leaf, patching up the game's slow leak
I'm Weezy baby!
Lemme catch my breath... {breathing}
Ok...
Pussy-ass.. pussy-ass.. pussy-ass.. pussy..
Pussy-ass niggas, fake fraud-ass niggas
Tryna save the past, SIM card-ass niggas
Them broads laugh at ya, them niggas won't kill ya
And them niggas that's with ya, could die right with ya
I'll be shootin everything up in my eyesight mister
I say I might miss ya, but lil' FeFe gon' hit ya
And lil' Currensy'll split ya, Mack Maine'll straight flip ya
Let Taz Po ship ya, then we'll all forget ya
I'm sittin' in the kitchen like "How can we all get richer?"
Got paint on my hands from painting the perfect picture
Then I tell lil' Josh, roll up the perfect Swisher
God damn the hurricane, to the weed man, we miss ya
I'm the best just listen, I ain't what the game been missin'
That's my nigga Juelz, I been here since twelve
Ten shells, let 'em save themselves
Fuck them niggas and they pals, pal, pow!
Can you be? Can you be?
Can you be? Can you be?
Can you be? Can you be?
Can you be? Can you be?
I caught a wave
Caught more air than Super Dave
Call Aaliyah, I'm super paid
Jet lag, and tryna recuperate
Just got off the flight from Budapest
Don't need Khaled, to say "you the best!"
You the type of nigga to shop at Uniqlo
Just found out my father-in-law unisex
Running out of money, running into debt
Running from bill collectors, I ain't pay them yet
Shit you did, with no matter how rich you get
And even more, depending on the bitch you get
I be getting worried for my niggas getting married, seriously
Can you be? Can you be?
Can you be? Can you be?
Can you be? Can you be?
Can you be? Can you be?







Come through the block, in the brand new Benz
Knowing that me and that nigga ain't friends
(Ok girl) Yeah, what I did was wack
But you don't get a nigga back like that
Bouncin' around, when I'm up in these streets
Knowing that me and that nigga got beef
(Ok girl) Yeah, what I did was wack
But you don't get a nigga back like that, no

I've lived
Yes I've lived a life that's full
I've traveled each, and every highway
Much more, much more than this
I did it my way...
It go my way, Chi-Way, this way or the highway
Shots'll lay you off on your day off, like Friday
The ROC got 'Ye, but they ain't snortin' it
They just got him up at Baseline recordin' shit
Yeah I've been broke, now I'm good, bitch
I ain't no Kennedy, but I'm hood rich
So I say my way to thank you to the ghetto
And everybody else, thank you very little
I took the road less traveled, the unbeaten path
I've been beaten, but never broken through the darkest past
It's sort of like when King spoke and said we free at last
Ain't nothin' free from that point, though, we needed cash
And we need it fast
We broker than Ethiopians just tryin' to eat at last
Now all the blacks cookin' up, they're almost white
Cause gettin' green makes 'em treat us like we almost white
Almost
It go my way, Chi-Way, this way or the highway
Niggas wanna diss K on their local mix-tapes
There they go again, lyin' to consumers
Get they hair cut in the Little Shop of Rumors
You lil' sloppy with your cockiness ain't ya?
A little arrogant with all your comparisons
Cause as far as the Chi, I got the most plaques
Since the beginnin' of rap and nah, y'all ain't mentionin' that
Y'all just talk about my dough, how I left Chicago
How I'm the only one eatin', shut your pie hole
And wanna figure out why I'm gettin' it high though?
Why? Cause you need fire, and I'm a pyro!
And you a parrot, you copy what I do and say?
Only difference between you and me, you were gay
Awww, did he get his feelin's hurt?
Nawww, he's got titties under his shirt
It go my way, Chi-Way, this way or the highway
When you walk straight, niggas tend to look at you sideways
I say, fuck that, dog, I get my own way
Niggas ain't believe me, 'til they see me on TV
And seen K freely, gettin' head on the freeway
Then pass her to Freeway, just like it's a relay
We stay four stars or better
Cause the couches in the rooms got more leather
And we gon' flip Carter, when we could afford better
And back, before Benzes, when we could afford Jettas
You still dress Ardjo, but only pay partial
Stay gettin' somethin' off layaway at Marshall's
Polo and Carbesher's, we into them things dawg
Back in '96, we was livin' like kings dawg
40 cal.s or better, tottin' them things dawg
So up the Turkish snake, and take them rings off










When I came up had to show my ass, yeah
Clothes tight, clothes tight, hoes tight, hold tight
Hold tight, hold tight
Hold tight, hold tight
Hold tight, hold tight
Hold tight, hold tight
And I just figured out the whole time
Uh, I was actin' like I'm white

I be actin' like I'm white (white)
Fuckin' white bitches, black and white dick (oh, ayy)
100 bump, I do that shit all night
Sniff a line
I be sniffing Miley Cyrus with Miley Cyrus
In a bathroom with my thumb in her ass
Now I'm actin' like I'm white
You stayed 3 exes up and you never came to see me in my own room
You the only good enough for the mountain
Only good as the people you got around you
This is all associations around you
Forgive me if I ever doubted you
Forgive me if I ever doubted you
Forgive me if I ever doubted you
Forgive me if I ever doubted you
Forgive me if I ever doubted you
Please forgive me if I ever doubted you
Forgive me if I ever doubted you
Please forgive me if I ever doubted you
Forgive me if I ever doubted you
Please forgive me if I ever doubted you
Forgive me if I ever doubted you


Whoop, I'm adios, as-salamu alaykum (nigga, that that)
I just want a round house, we gon' have 'em bleedin'
Nah, I ain't green, sharin' is carin', bae, I be just feedin'
Coca Cola shape, I don't want to fuck it bae, I just want see it
Lil nigga late, I been done did but you just ain't see it
Wait, lil' nigga, I can afford it
I just was broke with no shawty
I just found out it's important
To take off the factories and put on some Forgies
I got six rings, I'm just lordin'
I used to be broke and so boring (broke, borin', yeah)
I came out that swamp, can't ignore it (yeah)
Now all my pockets is on Norbit



I'm known for running my mouth
I will not be accountable for what comes out, uh
I dunno, I might have said it
I was kinda gone and light-headed
And my jacket kinda fresh, bright red
And as usual, my pants tight-threaded
It seem like everybody dress tight now
And I just want my credit
Don't get it, twisted, or dreaded
I am the king and will not be headed
To the morgue no time soon, brethren
Being broke made my head hurt
So I need the bread or an Excedrin
That'll only get my engine revving
While y'all on 10, I'm on 11
I'mma make the news, be on at 7
Matter fact, I'm on this very second
I'm in first and y'all in second
And this verse only add to the freshness
Call to the club, tell them add to the guest list
What you think? Way more bitches?
I can never be too big for my britches
Y'all motherfuckers know who this is
I'm gifted
Merry Christmas
Merry Christmas



La, la, la, la, la
And everybody say, say
La, la, la, la, la
I know you—I know you—
I know you thinking, thinking that it must be
Armor-All flow 'cause it never get rusty
I ain't gotta say it, man, dog, trust me
Bust somebody head, GLC, where was we?
Still rock the Prada—'fore that, rock the Starter
Niggas had the Georgetown, the Magic way harder
Thinking back to the projects, and they way they tore 'em all up
Like when I do a project, and come back and tear the mall up



Your fly is open, McFly
The crowd is open, I think I know why
I'm back from the future, seen it with my own eyes
And, yep! I'm still the future of the Chi
Back in college, I had to get my back up off the futon
I knew that I couldn't cop a coupe with no coupons
Look at that Neutron on his green like croutons
People asking him, "Do you have any Grey Poupon?"



With niggas masked up like Phantom of the Opera
Dreaming of the day they push a phantom to the operas
Can't wait 'til they say, "'Ye ran up at the Oscars"
"Papa, I heard his life is like a movie"
Like when Em played him and Mekhi played a rasta
Mexicans gon' love it like it was for La Raza
But this is for the mobsters, holla
We some true Chi-town legends; accept no imposters (Ayy)



La-la-la-la-la, la
La, la-la-la-la-la, la
La, la-la-la-la-la, la
La, la-la-la-la-la, la
We’re coming from the—Hey
Have to spice it up
You might have to spice it up
Spice it up, spice it up
Take your life and
Yo, ugh, ayy
We’re coming from the—Hey
We’re coming from the—hey


I seen you jockin Jay-Z 'cause he got a Mercedes
And you know about his ladies
I seen you jockin' Jay-Z, jockin' Jay-Z, jockin'-jockin'
Jockin' Jay-Z (yeah), jockin' Jay-Z, jockin'-jockin' (yeah!)
Jockin' Jay-Z, jockin' (yeah) Jay-Z, jockin'-jockin' (yeah!)
Jockin'-j-jockin'-jockin' (I'm so dope boy fresh!)
I seen you jockin' Jay-Z, jockin' Jay-Z, jockin'-jockin'
Jockin' Jay-Z, jockin' Jay-Z, jockin'-jockin'
Jockin' Jay-Z, jockin' Jay-Z, jockin'-jockin' (yeah!)
Jockin'-j-jockin'-jockin' (I'm so dope boy fresh!)
Whose house? Hov, no doubt
'Bout the only rapper still getting money in the drought
I moves out, in the global, I'm a mogul
Fifty thousand feet in the air and I'm still on my mobile
Fuck talking 'bout the recession, the shit's depressing
I rock with Obama but I ain't no politician
And I chill with the thugs and the gangsters too
I ain't a blood but I'm warring with the boys in blue
Crooked officer, crooked officer!
Why you wanna see me in a coffin, sir?
Is it against the law, the way I'm flossin', sir?
Benzes, Rolls Royces, and Porsches, ugh!
Haters like, "Hov, why you still talkin money shit?"
... 'Cause I like money, bitch!
I like fly shit, you like gossip
I let you do you! Why you riding my tip?
I seen you jockin' Jay-Z, jockin' Jay-Z, jockin'-jockin' (yeah!)
Jockin' Jay-Z, jockin' Jay-Z, jockin'-jockin' (y-yeah!)
Jockin' Jay-Z, jockin' Jay-Z, jockin'-jockin' (yeah!)
Jockin'-j-jockin'-jockin' (I'm so dope boy fresh!)
I seen you jockin' Jay-Z, jockin' Jay-Z, jockin'-jockin' (yeah!)
Jockin' Jay-Z, jockin' Jay-Z, jockin'-jockin' (yeah!)
Jockin' Jay-Z, jockin' Jay-Z, jockin'-jockin' (yeah!)
Jockin'-j-jockin'-jockin' (I'm so dope boy fresh!)
That bloke from Oasis said I couldn't play guitar
Somebody shoulda told him I'm a fucking rockstar
To-day is gonna be the day
That I'm gonna throw it back to you!
I'm living life as a rocker, I'm like Pimp C, partna
Coming down in Mercedes, peeling off on the boppers
Worldwide show, I'm coming down in a chopper
Hundred eighty thou', screamin "Hov!" with the Roc up
It's too easy!
I got ladies on shoulders, showing me they chi-chis
I met honey at the show last year
And now I'm acting brand new like a world premiere (world premiere!)
Yeah, I know life ain't fair
But chill, baby girl, my girl is here
I got models in the mosh pit
Dancing off-beat, but they know the words to my shit!
I seen you jockin' Jay-Z, jockin' Jay-Z, jockin'-jockin' (yeah!)
Jockin' Jay-Z, jockin' Jay-Z, jockin'-jockin' (yeah!)
Jockin' Jay-Z, jockin' Jay-Z, jockin'-jockin' (yeah!)
Jockin'-j-jockin'-jockin' (I'm so dope boy fresh!)
I seen you jockin' Jay-Z, jockin' Jay-Z, jockin'-jockin' (yeah!)
Jockin' Jay-Z, jockin' Jay-Z, jockin'-jockin' (yeah!)
Jockin' Jay-Z, jockin' Jay-Z, jockin'-jockin' (yeah!)
Jockin'-j-jockin'-jockin' (I'm so dope boy fresh!)
You ain't gotta jock Jay-Z, jock fly shit
You ain't gotta jock me, homie; jock my chick
Jock her Zanottis; she body you with the fit
No, that's not Pilates; her body's just thick
You ain't gotta jock her, nigga; jock my clique
Jock the dope boys 'cause we all tossed bricks
Federales jock me while I'm crossing the bridge
Click, click! Take a portrait of this
I ain't no pretty boy; I got a gorgeous wrist
Cut handsome checks and my flow's pretty... sick
I'm so ghetto chic
I'm where the hood and high fashion meet
Ooh-wee, I'm like the camouflauge Louis
How you niggas want it? The tux or the toolie?
Haters, I ain't mad at you
If I wasn't me I'd probably jock me too! (too!)
I seen you jockin' Jay-Z, jockin' Jay-Z, jockin'-jockin' (yeah!)
Jockin' Jay-Z, jockin' Jay-Z, jockin'-jockin' (yeah, y-y-yeah!)
Jockin' Jay-Z, jockin' Jay-Z, jockin'-jockin' (ugh, yeah!)
Jockin'-j-jockin'-jockin' (I'm so dope boy fresh!)
I seen you jockin' Jay-Z, jockin' Jay-Z, jockin'-jockin' (yeah!)
Jockin' Jay-Z, jockin' Jay-Z, jockin'-jockin' (yeah!)
Jockin' Jay-Z, jockin' Jay-Z, jockin'-jockin' (yeah, y-y-yeah!)
Jockin'-j-jockin'-jockin', jockin'-j-jockin'-jockin'
(I'm so dope boy fresh!)
Ooh I promise not to do it again
I promise not to do it




I keep you laced up so you ain't gotta borrow nothing
From them broke ass friends who be bargain hunting
They say they shop on eBay – baby why is they frontin'?
They be on the internet but they never cop nothin'
I keep you in Girl what is those on your toes?
And your neck staying froze off that rose colored gold
I suppose you was told by them hoes I was cheatin'
Thinkin' my heart don't got nothing to do with my penis
He got a mind of his own and he just be seeing shit
And I don't wanna cheat but I don't be saying shit
I try to jack off he ask me who is you playin' wit?
But I know he love you he told me you was his favorite


Now you know you gotta turn this super loud
C'mon now, let's go, uh
Let me hear you say
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Okay, uh, let me hear you say
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
I know you're wondering, how is Kanye spittin' so hot?
'Cause I listen to the Roc and I listen and watch
And the first thing I copped was a glistening watch
Off that Blueprint money, yeah, I know I'm a dummy
But what I'm supposed to tell a girl in the club
While that ass is getting feeled on
What, I bought a couple build-ons?
Seems like I got more brain off my fake chain than my real one
'Cause on the real, son
If a girl think you broke, she just wanna fuck and smoke
If you paid then she's thinking 'bout her children, feel him?
Probably not though, 'less you got dough, you know what I mean
You would think the grass greener when you finally get green
Let me hear you say
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Okay, okay
Man, I promise, she's so self conscious
She has no idea what she's doing in college
That major that she majored in don't make no money
But she won't drop out, her parents will look at her funny
Now, tell me that ain't insecure
The concept of school seems so secure
Sophomore three years, ain't picked a career
She like, "Fuck it, I'll just stay down here and do hair"
'Cause that's enough money to buy her a few pairs of new Airs
'Cause her baby daddy don't really care
She's so precious with the peer pressure
Couldn't afford a car so she named her daughter Alexis
She had hair so long that it looked like weave
Then she cut it all off, now she look like Eve
And she be dealing with some issues that you can't believe
Single black female addicted to retail and
Let me hear you say
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Okay, okay
Man, I promise, I'm so self conscious
That's why you always see me with at least one of my watches
Rollies and Pashas done drove me crazy
I can't even pronounce nothing, pass that Versace!
Then I spent 400 bucks on this
Just to be like, "Nigga, you ain't up on this!"
And I refuse go to the grocery store
Without some ones that's clean and a shirt with a team
It seems we living the American dream
But the people highest up got the lowest self esteem
The prettiest people do the ugliest things
For the road to riches and diamond rings
We shine because they hate us, floss 'cause they degrade us
We tryna buy back our forty acres
And for that paper, look how low we a'stoop
Even if you in a Benz, you still a nigga in a Coupe
Let me hear you say
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Okay, okay
And uh, I decided to stop fuckin' with y'all
Uh, wack ass niggas
And, uh, hatin'-ass, dream killin'-ass niggas
And since I quit
Everyone that supported me, thank you very much
And everyone that doubted me, thank you very little

What you doing in the club on a Thursday?
She say she only here for her girl birthday
They ordered champagne, why they look thirsty?
Rock Forever 21 but just turned 30
I know I got a bad reputation
Walking 'round, always mad reputation
Leave a pretty girl sad reputation
Start a Fight Club, Brad reputation
Success, and the time for the dancin'
It's like the first time back in the basement
Mmm, this that prom shit
This that what we do, don't tell your mom shit
This that red cup, all on the lawn shit
Got a fresh cut, straight out the salon, bitch


For all my Southside niggas that know me best
I feel like me and Taylor might still have sex
Why? I made that bitch famous (God damn)
I made that bitch famous
For all the girls that got dick from Kanye West
If you see 'em in the streets give 'em Kanye's best
Why? They mad they ain't famous (God damn)
They mad they're still nameless (Talk that talk, man)
Her man in the store tryna try his best
But he just can't seem to get Kanye fresh
But we still hood famous (God damn)
Yeah we still hood famous




There's been a lot of change in my life
Some might've guessed and some dared to find
Must keep the faith in, faith in each other
You are my brother, family
Writings on the wall around us (yeah-yeah)
Watching people all around us (yeah)
Gotta wake up to the call above us (Ooh-ooh-oh)
Then I know it's gonna be alright (Yeah-yeah)
It's gonna come around, we're enlightened
Praying that we all stay guided
Some way, somehow (Ooh-ohh)
We'll find a way
We will weld this world, world back together
Let's make a way, We'll lead the way (Must)
Must keep the faith, faith in each other
You are my brother, family
Writings on the wall around us (Trap)
Watching people all around us
Gotta wake up to the call above us
Then I know it's gonna be alright
It's gonna come back around, we're enlightened
Praying that we all stay guided
Some way, somehow (Ooh-ohh)
We'll find a way
Hey (Ooh-ooh-ooh)
We'll find a way
Some way, somehow (Ooh-ohh)
We'll find a way, we'll find a way
There's been a lot of change in our lives (Change)
Some would've guessed and some dared to find (Ooh-ohh)
Must keep the faith in, faith in each other (Ooh)
You are my brother, family
Writings on the wall around us (Yeah)
Watching people all around us (Yeah)
Gotta wake up to the call above us (Yeah)
Then I know it's gonna be alright (Yeah)
It's coming back around, we're enlightened (Yeah)
Praying that we all stay guided (Yeah)
Some way, somehow (Ooh-ooh)
We'll find a way
Bodies on the wall around us
Watching people all around us
Gotta wake up to the call above us
Then I know it's gonna be alright
It's coming back around, we're enlightened
Praying that we all stay guided
Some way, somehow (Ooh-ooh)
We'll find a way
Oh-oh-oh-yeah-aye
We'll find a way
Oh-oh-yeah-yeah
We'll find, we'll find a way
Oh-oh-yeah-yeah
We'll find a way
Oh-ohh! Oh-ohh!
Writings on the wall around us
Watching people all around us
Gotta wake up to the call above us
Then I know it's gon' be alright
It's coming back around, we're enlightened
Praying that we all stay guided
Some way, somehow (Ooh-ooh)
We'll find the way
Baby it seems the time is never right
You're goin' left and I'm goin' right
Its crazy
But I'm still waiting
If I play my cards right
My lucks gonna strike
Until then there's a night
All I wanna do
Is dream, dream, dream, dream
Dream, dream, dream, dream
Like lovers do
And it might come true
If I dream, dream, dream, dream
Dream, dream, dream, dream
It just might be the only time that I'm with you
When I dream, dream, dream
Dream, dream
Oh, I dream
Yes, I dream
Dream, dream
Dream, dream
They say that dreams they sometimes do come true
Your star shines so bright
You're the queen of my night
In the daytime not quite
But I'm so glad that I
Can dream, dream, dream, dream
Dream, dream, dream, dream
Like lovers do
And it might come true
That new Rihanna in the front
Bitches in the back they don't like me though
Why? I can tell you 'bout stupid hoes
Why? I bet she don't act stupid though
Cuz I cut a bitch
I fuck a bitch, go and find another bitch
And I never trust a bitch
You done touched a nigga 30 times
On some baby mother shit
Talkin' bout you celibate
But you still suckin' dick
This that half a brick, quarter brick
Aye, come and place your order bitch
More of that gutter shit
New Rihanna in the front
Bitches in the back, she don't like me though
Why? I don't know, she might be broke
Why? I can tell you bout stupid hoes
Why? I bet she don't act stupid though
She know that I have sex with 'em
If you tryin' get lit then go ahead light it ho
What you bitches fightin' for?
Nah, I can't even that’s why you can't sit with us
You need to just sit your ass down
I heard you fucked that nigga well I fucked that nigga too
And they probably didn't tell you that’s what suckers niggas do
And if he had a chance with me he would have never fucked with you
Cause that New Rihanna in the front (Bitch)
Bitches in the back, they don't like me though
Why? Side piece 'bout to let wifey know
Why? Thirsty hoes is tryin' get chose
Why? I bet she don't act stupid though
Cut that bitch in the bathroom
Cut that bitch in the bathroom
I cut that bitch in the bathroom
I cut that bitch in the bathroom
I bet you need to quit playin', quit playin' with me bro
Got a nigga fucked up up in here
You know I'm sayin?
A bitch say she don't like me, you ask her why, she go
“I don't know,” just like some shit stupid bitches say
KnowImsayin?
(Look, I can't even deal with this shit right now. This bitch is crazy, she must have lost her fucking mind. I'm tired of going back and forth with this ho. What the fuck? I can't even deal. Who the fuck does this bitch think she is?)
Where I'm from, I know people just do (Do it)
We don't try (Hol' up)
We don't even stop speak, no lies (Hey)
We coupe, on the troop, my eyes (My eye, my eyes)
The truth is not in the words, it's in my eyes (Woo)
The truth is not in the words, it's in my eyes
The truth is not in the words (Hey)
The truth...
(Stay Up)
Stay-
(VIAGRA!!)
Stay up
Stay up (Yeah)
Stay up (Kinda crazy, right?)
Stay up
What she got is so Niagara
Make a young nigga straight need Viagra
Make a old nigga give keys to Jaguar
Just to keep from all the tease and laughter
Her telling her homegirls that he couldn't stay up
In the restaurant with her voice way up
Please keep it discreet
Keep the business out of the street
She said "I would if he'll handle biz up in the sheets!"
Pop off like a thang thang, he keep keep
And every time that she bang bang, he skeet skeet
And he so bullheaded tried to three-peat
Try imagining something passionate
Between you, Cassie, and Kim Kardashian
Maybe that'll work when you get to hit that ass again
Or you can grab a Red Bull and sip that twice
Now y'all can have sexy time, it's nice!!
Man this is classic, call her National Geographic
Her ass is African, but her eyes so Asian
Plus the waist and, time's a-wastin'
This some good pussy, dog please don't waste it
You said "Fuck that, man I'm gon' tape it!"
And came before you barely even got the tape in
She had the maid outfit, it's all on her apron
I know a friend who got drunk and claim a fat bitch raped him
I heard that bitch hate men and she covers up her crotch
But she love to show her girls like Sanaa Lathan
And she throwing passes like Troy Aikman
And she really into twisting facts like false statements
He's into twisting backs by throwing his weight in
But she ain't waiting for him to rise to the occasion
He's like "Be patient, this a contact sport
So you can save your pep talk, give me that oral support"
And stay up








DJ Class in this bitch! Mr. West in this bitch!
We done told you mu'fuckers now you know who the shit!
DJ Class in this bitch! Mr. West in this bitch!
We done told you mu'fuckers now you know who the shit!


'Ye is in the buliding, let everybody know
I got the world in my hand and I ain't finna let it go
Is that yo' girlfriend? I really like her
I'm talkin' only for a night, I wouldn't wife her
I got them Yeezy's on my feet, I got them Louie's in the sto' (Want some?)
And I dropped another album, 'fore we finished up the tour
And it's still top 10, 'bout fifteen weeks later
So that's a middle finger for you 808 haters
Cause I'm the shit (Yeah I'm the shit)
Up in this bitch (Up in this bitch)
Yeah I'm the shit (Yeah I'm the shit)
Up in this bitch (Up in this bitch)
Yeah I'm the shit (I'm the shit)
I'm the shit (Up in this bitch)
Yeah I'm the shit (I'm the shit)
Up in this bitch (Up in this bitch)

DJ Class in this bitch! Mr. West in this bitch!
We done told you mu'fuckers now you know who the shit!
DJ Class in this bitch! Mr. West in this bitch!
We done told you mu'fuckers now you know who the shit!
Cause I'm the shit (Yeah I'm the shit)
Up in this bitch (Up in this bitch)
Yeah I'm the shit (Yeah I'm the shit)
Up in this bitch (Up in this bitch)
Yeah I'm the shit (I'm the shit)
I'm the shit (Up in this bitch)
Yeah I'm the shit (I'm the shit)
Up in this bitch (Up in this bitch)

Cool the unruly
Cool the unruly
Unruly
Unruly
One for the impalas, two for the gold Ds
Three for the switches, middle finger for the police
Nigga wit' a attitude, I will not let it die
Four fingers up, two twisted for the West Side
One for the impalas, two for the gold Ds
Three for the switches, middle finger for the police
Nigga wit' a attitude, I will not let it die
Four fingers up, two twisted for the West Side
Yo, I used to dribble the rock down the block in '94
Shoot the courts out when Killer Wayne brought that Porsche out
I had the illest jump shot so he bet all his money on me
12 years old with the hunnies on me
Patrick Ewings on, I kept the fresh kicks
Take a nigga out his Jordan's if the motherfuckers fit (they fit)
They fit so I'm back up the block
Fuckin' with the homies tryin' to teach them how to slap box
In front of the crack spot fiends fightin' over crack rock
Dimes the size of golf balls, yeah, them shits was that hot
He had them black Locs on like MC Ren
And Deebo came through in the hood in that coke-white Benz
Before 106 & Park and 24 inch rims
Before these corny niggas kept the stickers under they brims
It was a little nigga in Compton, five foot ten
He was dope as a motherfucker, I wanted to be like him
One for the impalas, two for the gold Ds
Three for the switches, middle finger for the police
Nigga wit' a attitude, I will not let it die
Four fingers up, two twisted for the West Side
One for the impalas, two for the gold Ds
Three for the switches, middle finger for the police
Nigga wit' a attitude, I will not let it die
Four fingers up, two twisted for the West Side
Fuck it, I ain't gon' lie, homie I used to do the Hammer Dance
Make it worse, I had steel toes on and hammer pants
Fucked up right? That's when my pops had the weight
He had to blow while I was blowin' in Nintendo tapes
Got my ass whooped for takin' the Duck Hunt gun outside
In my window watchin' all the kids have fun outside
Ice cream truck makin' noise, I want to run outside
But I'ma get my ass whooped again if I run outside
Swear I was on punishment until my tenth grade year
This new girl move on the block, light skin with wavy hair
I asked her did she want to hump me, she was like, "I don't care"
So I took off her training bra, that's when she got scared
She wanted me to be her boyfriend, so I was like, "Yeah"
I'm tryin' to think of LL lines in the back of my head
"When I'm alone in my room" I can't remember what he said
But I know Uncle Luke, bitch give me some head
It go..
One for the impalas, two for the gold Ds
Three for the switches, middle finger for the police
Nigga wit' a attitude, I will not let it die
Four fingers up, two twisted for the West Side
One for the impalas, two for the gold Ds
Three for the switches, middle finger for the police
Nigga wit' a attitude, I will not let it die
Four fingers up, two twisted for the West Side
Shit, I'm grown now pops in jail, I'm on my own now
Got my first kilo and my brick phone now
Two door Cutlass, sittin' on that chrome now
Headed to the county jail, two T's comin' home now
Yeah, homie, shit changed, nigga's don't bang like they used to
And I can't dunk like I used to, niggas don't move fast enough When they hear the *WOO WOOP*
And takin' fades is played out like Fubu
I got a TV in the dash watchin' Friday
21, no felon, tell them niggas, crime pay
Red rag in my pocket, doin' it my way
Two switches, so the cutlass bounce sideways
Four amps, 15s beatin' the trunk
Try to jack me for my shit? Gotta beat me to the pump, punk
I'm on my gangsta shit nigga wit' a attitude
On my motherfuckin' gangsta shit
One for the impalas, two for the gold Ds
Three for the switches, middle finger for the police
Nigga wit' a attitude, I will not let it die
Four fingers up, two twisted for the West Side
One for the impalas, two for the gold Ds
Three for the switches, middle finger for the police
Nigga wit' a attitude, I will not let it die
Four fingers up, two twisted for the West Side
Hey Lo, I'm a take these nigga's back man
Back to the number 4 Jordans, nigga, them shits were sway
Remember those motherfuckas? Had the number 4 Jordans, man
When the new shits got old, we couldn't afford the new ones, man
So we went to motherfuckin' Payless and got that black shoe polish
Put so much shoe polish on them motherfuckas tryin' to keep them shiny black that them motherfuckas turned leather!
Or like when the motherfuckin' ice cream nigga came through
I remember the nigga name, it was Hector, man
And he would come through in the ice cream truck
And got all the motherfuckin' stickers on the ice cream truck
Like he just ballin' crazy out the game
This nigga got stickers of motherfuckin' ice cream sandwiches
Strawberry short cakes, UFOs, motherfuckin' big sticks
Then you ask this nigga do he got any of them motherfucka's he talkin' about
All he got is Now & Laters
What the fuck you in an ice cream truck for then, Hector?
Get the fuck out of here, man
Shit, look at these niggas now man all these funny clothes and jackets and all fuckin' little..
This lookin' fuckin' crazy, man
I'mma keep it gangsta on these niggas yo
Nigga's can't fuck with me, man, I'm a on that motherfuckin' 1990
Straight Outta Compton express Yourself
Eazy E jerry curl drippin'
MC Ren, black loc straight out the swap meet
Dr. Dre black Khaki's black tee shirt
Motherfuckin' gold rope around my neck
DJ Yella Raider motherfuckin' hat to the back
Ice Cube suck my motherfuckin' dick shit
Bitches
Yeah, yeah - I used to front when I write songs
Talk about havin ice on, and I could barely keep my lights on
And my beats was so sick, I shoulda got a medic
But my credit was so pathetic I couldn't afford a debit
When The Dropout dropped, I had to cop me a money tree
To front on anybody who ever tried to front on me
With so much personality, what do you want from me?
I could be by myself and enjoy the company
My life, this year, my career, is the Lord
Bad chick, this award, is for Melyssa Ford
'94 I could only afford this Accord
From the home of gangbangin and we all outdoors
Southside, outside, Westside, let's ride
Eastside, right B-Side, Lakeshore Drive
And I'm (and I'm) Chi-Town's finest
Where you at? The whole city behind us
Where you at? The whole city behind us
Where you at? The whole city behind us
Southside, outside, Westside, let's ride
Where you at? The whole city behind us







You say you wrong, you wrong, I'm right, I'm right
You're wrong, we fight
Ok, I'm running from the light, running from the day to night
Oh, the quiet silence defines our misery
The riot inside keeps trying to visit me
No matter how we try, it's too much history
Too many bad notes playing in our symphony
So let it breathe, let it fly, let it go
Let it fall, let it crash, burn slow
And then you call upon God
Oh, you call upon God




Time after time / I've done my sentence / but committed no crime
I've done my sentence / but committed no crime
I've done my sentence / but committed no crime, crime, crime
And we mean to go on and on and on and on

We are the champions, my friend
And we'll keep on fighting, to the end
We are the champions, we are the champions
No time for losers / cause we are the champions... of the world
Got damn Kanye! I bet niggas didn't know you could rap huh? (They didn't)
That's my motherfucking producer
This the producer on the Roc, he rap better than most rappers!
Well Dame, if these niggas thought about they self for a change
Then maybe they can finally figure out how to get they self some change
I done seen jealousy make niggas do t-terrible things
How'd that song go I did with HOV, oh yeah -- shit'll never change
Not to worry, though – we are the cham-p-ions
Spend a lot of time in Hampt-i-ons, do a lot of beats you can't be on
Damn all these fans can't be wrong, damn B.I.G. you can't be gone
Make those beats thugs want to rock, make a nigga feel just like 'Pac
Make it street but it just might pop, make it straight to the mountain top
Had the Chi' on lock, when they finally heard I signed with Roc
Came in the game, changed it again, changed everything, yeahhhhh
If you feeling this here, throw your fucking hands in the air
Its the Roc-a-Fella label baby fuck them other labels baby
And we been ducking shots from all them haters lately
We getting paper baby, them others trying to keep up
We on top, so I guess we they saviors - NOPE!
We labelled as the Roc-A-Fellas, Jacob, watch's colors
Everywhere hell yea, test us and the gauges BLOW!
Fuck they hatin fo'? Don't make me pop a fella
Roc-A-Fella, stop a fella, could get hot for fellas, SIG!!!
WHAT?! Don't make me chop a fella, have to call the cop for fellas
Order helicopter fellas... NIG-GA! I'm a Roc-A-Fella
What nigga for Roc-A-Fella shit I will rock a fella
Dame! (God damn Beans I got this let me talk my shit one time)
No we the illest niggas; realest, I will kill these niggas!!
Now that's what the fuck I'm talking bout!
And you wonder why I'm proud of my family?
And you wonder why I ain't gotta rap?
I got niggas that will assassinate you B, lyrically!
Really shut you the fuck down!! Don't get your career ended
Leave us the fuck alone, let us rock!
We are Roc-Heusen, we're the R., O., C. - HOLLA!
I'm here Dame, I'm here, Killa
This is just fate, how I would sit on a crate
Listen to tapes, every day a frisk was at stake
Jakes' cuffs, wrists getting raped; my mission was straight -- to
Visit them states near them great Michigan lakes
And fuck a bathroom, I pissed on the gate
Flipped the bird at em, flip a bird, switch up my plates
I got plans that was better than jail
Now look -- we like Bird, Parish, Kevin McHale
Scott, Worthy, Jabbar, and Magic
Oh my god it's magic; Isiah, Dumars, I will carve your casket
Phil, Scottie, and Mike; Phil, Shaq, and Kobe
My gats will detach you, homie
And I'm friends with thugs, I sell endless drugs
For the Roc Fam, dog, I extend my love
Jay, Bleek, beef I'll be crossing the bridge
Tossing they wigs, make corpse of they kids
Free, O, Sparks, and Mack Mittens
I'm 95 south, no doubt, mac clip in
I stack chips and I'm Saks Fifth-in
Louis Vuitton loafers, hat dripping
I go retrieve a duck, tell her proceed and suck
I don't just beat my cases, I beat 'em up
My lawyer eat 'em up put bars behind me
I'm glad they didn't stop that car behind me
Shit, it had three felons, gun shooters no
50 cal. A.C.P., Bazooka Joe
Don't be stupid though, I get scrilla man
I'm for'rilla man, yeah it's Killa Cam
Uhhh... DIP SET BITCH!
What y'all thought I was finished?
I'm not! I just recuited somebody new!
I'm like the George Steinbrenner of this shit
I mean I'm rich like him, HOLLA!
Everybody's swarming, oh my god
It's the newest power forward of the squad
A legacy like Jordan with the mob
That be known for breaking motherfuckers hard
Put Roc-A-Fella on my pinky ring
Fuck a battle, nigga -- I'mma get them thangs
Rollin with them Lords and them folks up out the Chi
Twista gone make em spit the game
I represent the mob to the fullest
You don't want it with that boy who's known to pull it
With Kanye on the track of the Dream Team
I'm fin' to be the shit no matter which way you put it
They blessed a nigga in, now I'm fin' to go into a zone
Taking it to some motherfuckers domes
Cause it's on, I will rock until I'm gone
Filling my body with lead, clutching chrome
Take it to your gut, take it to your chest
I be more provoking when I'm smoking sess
And we getting stronger, hope you got a vest
Already got them Macs, already got them Tecs
Served a few dimes, Beans got pearls
Legendary we on top of the world
How could you haters think we can be done
Hold it down because we got champions!!
Broken hearts rain on our heads 'til it floods
But I won’t run, I’m with you, that’s enough
Kiss me now so you won’t run
Out of breath underwater
Girl you can hold on longer
Girl you can hold on longer
Girl you can hold on longer
Long as you want
Oh, oh, oh, oh
Love is an ocean
Swimming and try not to drown
Right in the waves
Praying we don’t go down
In the undertow I’ll pull you out
Out of breath underwater
Girl you can hold on longer
Girl you can hold on longer
Girl you can hold on longer
Long as you want
Oh, oh, oh, oh


I’m going in and I’ma go hard
I mean what's the point if it ain't no scars
A little teeth marks
Blood on the collar
That's real love, mmhmm ahhnah
She said uh
How could you love someone that hurt you, played you, spoke to provoke you
How could you love someone that burns you, turns you into a werewolf
And in the moment you might do some things you’re not aware of
No one’s prepared for the scale of this, and now you fear love
And war and war and more and more drama looking for a score
State you’re looking for a tour
Her allure is more couture, tailor-made
'Til your screams in rage
I mean ahhhhh I'm breaking out the damn cage, aghh
Hannibal Lector, my A-merican Psycho
A iller version of Ike, yo
The Thriller version of Michael
My recital is as bright as the light show up at the Eiffel
A werewolf up in Paris, I'm livin' off your vitals
I mean, I’ll be your con man, I’ll be your damn liar
Let's start the interview, I’ll be your vampire
I gotta feel you, bite your neck to get familiar
And if you die, guess what, I fuckin' killed you



The brown hero, live from Ground Zero
Machine gun flow, made of ghetto Ross Perot
And this is disestablishmen-tarianism
With my night goggles on, yeah, military vision
And it’s still a very Christian way to think about livin’
When you prayin’ for freedom ’cause your mind been in prison
‘Cause they tryin’ to control every single big decision
You ain’t effin’ the system, then why the eff is you livin’?
Look, dawg, you can cop whatever suits you on
Three-piece, cuff links and the accoutrements
They been feedin’ us ish without the nutrients
So I’m back with another hit to let the truth be known
And your boy still fresh with the Gucci on
Them Italians sure know how to make what the moulies want
And they really can’t take what dude be on
But I be on the same thing ’til you prove me wrong
Look I'm so raw, turn the oven on
Chef Papa John, I get the parmesan
She want a yellow nigga, corn on the cob
Indian giver, slob on my knob
The bitch blow hard, harder than some Halls
Here, take 'em all, you'll be straight in the morn'
I'm two peace gone, I'm never gon' call
Fly nigga, I don't wear it if it's in the mall
Seen it on the blogs, these motherfuckers cost
Yves Saint Laurent, you can tell by the fonts
I do what I want, wake up when it's lunch
Walk like I'm drunk, uh, swagga so uh
Goyard trunks, go around, I got a bunch
Tell TSA, bitch, get up out my stuff
I wouldn't recommend you to ever check 'em in
I started with the end so when do I begin?
I'm so raw, turn the oven on
Chef Papa John, I get the parmesan
Pocket full of paper, underage in casinos
You wanna see ID, oh? But I'm in the suite though
Here my room-key, go, room movin' slow-mo
Fans want a photo, but it's my turn to roll
Hold up, baby, hold those, you see I'm chillin', dolo
Lens with a logo, pinky ring, Frodo
I'm feelin' my self, no ho-h-h-homo
Hold that beat, poor that more ro-r-r-roso
Rosé, you bozos, couldn't speak what I'm on
You would need Rosetta Stone
All these niggas all clones, we be originals
Young Money Seminoles, tribe full of generals
Don't ask me shit unless it's in a interview, nigga
Unless it's in a interview
Ha, don't talk to me, I'm not your friend
I'm just a fan of a fan
Haha, I love all my fans though
Mm

Aye...B, C, D, E, F
We picking up right where we left...
Off, and I took a recess
When I get back you gon' take that...
Off, in the mirror like hey me, stay me
I make money, money don’t make me
Hey honey, what do you take me...
For, don’t look at me like I’m crazy
Don’t ever think that'd phase me
You ain’t finna do nothing, you ain’t crazy
You ain’t built like, that
Hey baby what it feel like, ahhh
Just forget I said it, screw it
It don’t really matter what you do when you do it
Tony Williams in this bitch, who you is




I’m feeling like Stevie right now, you know…
I had the strangest feeling lately
The nigga's so fake I'm off it
And every time they flake like frosted
I just make my profit
And get a girl who barely bra fit
Aw shit! He back on his feet like carpet
He was just playing possum
Playing like I wasn't awesome?
Yeah I got some jokes, don't I?
Ha ha ha, laugh it up
And they'll be wack
And we'll be the last ones cracking up
Matter fact, because you nigga wanna doubt me?
Let's see how it feel without me
Taking off on this rocket, Yao Ming

Come sweetly, stab me through the shadow of an open door
Wait quietly now, take us to the helplessness of it all
And I wonder as I watch you slip away somehow
Wonder if the only thing left is love
Wonder if I ever will wait
Will I ever love again?
Will I ever love again?
Oh, lie to me
Lie to me, tell me I'm not wasting time
Yeah, yeah
Oh, oh, convince me you miss me
Your heart still beats as fast as mine
Tell me lies
We loved it, loved it even more than we knew
We lost it, and I don't even know what to do
Tell me what to do
Cause I wonder why it had to slip away somehow
I wonder if you'll ever wanna see me now
I wonder if I'll ever be the same
Will I ever love again?
Will I ever love again?
Oh, you eyes haunt me, taunt me, pierce straight through my heart again
Will it ever end?
Cause I
Wonder as I watch you slip away somehow
I wonder if you ever wanna see me now
I wonder if I'll ever wait
Will I ever love again?
Will I ever love again?











Yeah, yeah, you know how me and 'Ye do
Real People walk in the streets, the streets is talkin'
Often it's beef this city never does
People walk and talk in they sleep
Cold sweats and wet dreams
On how to get green our faith is all in a jeep
Black souls raw and they deep
Hypes tryna talk with no teeth
Shorties sayin' ball or retreat
A lesson we all speak at one point or another
What you expect from one who smoke a joint with his mother
Anointed hustlers in a fatherless region
Through the pain wish they know that God was just teachin'
We want decent homes
So dreams we say out loud like speakerphones just to keep em on
It's like a colored song that keep keepin' on
I guess knowin' I'm weak is when I'm really bein' strong
Somehow through the dust I could see the dawn
Like the Bishop Magic Juan, that's why I write freedom songs
For the real people
I wonder if the spirits of Bob Marley and Haile Selassie
Watch me as the cops be tryna and pop and lock me
They cocky, plus they mentality is Nazi
The way they treat blacks I wanna snap like paparazzi
We're the children of a better God searchin' for better jobs
We could cop ghetto cars tryin' not to catch a charge
They say the dope game is sour
Now they doin' homework that's when they follow you for hours
Come to your crib and devour all that you work for
Must be more than paper these niggas hurt for
Through the purple haze I circle days I rhyme that work for pays
Tryna reverse the slave's mind and insert the brave mentality
Heard that it's drama at home
Can a dude break free and still get honored at home
I was told by a chief it's the games nature
When you're glowin' some will love and some will hate ya
It's real people
Black men walking wit white girls on they arms
I be mad at 'em as if I know they moms
Told to go beyond the surface, a person's a person
When we lessen our women our condition seems to worsen
The weary cursin' the sky
Talkin' to themselves givin' the version of why help and hurt in they eye
I live across from it, some of it I do be in
I be showin' niggas lives
Like UPN
It's real people
Yeah
For you and yours
G.O.O.D. Music
Forever
Yeah
Rock on
We keep on
Uh.. Yeah
Yeah, yeah
The real...
Who can I make that them better right now?
Who, oh I know that'll make it better right now?
Who do I know that'll make 'em better right now?
Who do you know?
I just wanna feel liberated I, I, I
I just wanna feel liberated I, I, I
If I ever instigated I, I
Tell me who will never related, I

Who can I make that them better right now?
Who, oh I know that'll make it better right now?
Who do I know that'll make 'em better right now?
Who do you know?
I just wanna feel liberated I, I, I
I just wanna feel liberated I, I, I
If I ever instigated I, I
Tell me who will never related, I
Why I fucked you this evening
At Southside, live for these things
By the way, how you feelin', forgot
I don't give a fuck about your family and that, oh
Back it up, back it up, oh oh
Back it up, back it up, oh oh
Back it up, back it up, oh oh
Back it up, yeah
Yo, this sound like some movie shit, right?
Get your popcorn, get your condiments
You don't wanna miss nothing, okay, listen
They call me Edward Scissorhands 'cause I'm trying to cut
She claim she got cramps, I'm gon' get you to suck
And you not gon' use your teeth, you hear?
You gon' find out What Lies Beneath right here
The Preacher's Wife don't give head, get a divorce, man
The Kids been calling you the headless horseman
Like Sleepy Hollow, see she swallow
Suck like ol' girl, got booed at Apollo 13, Ghosts
Use my Hollow Man for Friday 13th
You be Ghost, Backdraft from the toast
Niggas who drop names is oh so shameless
Get a chain that's stainless, they Almost Famous
My bling got 'em calling me Lord of the Rings
The Shining make it hard for her to Do The Right Thing
But I Don't Say a Word, I'll never tell
Until you get a Kanye beat, you'll never sell
And I'm living a movie, not living by rules
It's just a movie, don't lose your cool
One, two, Ye coming for you
Three, four, better lock your door
Five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, never sleep again
Shit's deeper than the Sleepers
The Jeeper Creep up on your block and cops Clock-us
Try to Baller Block-us, use Absolute Power
You gave him 9½ Weeks, why you trying to Rush Hours, huh?
And in The Cell don't drop soap in the showers, huh
They try to give me Life, I'm out in an hour, huh
Back on the block with more Juice than Pac
Making mo' money 'cause of The-The-The-The Roc
And I'm living a movie, not living by rules
Yo, what you talking about, man?
One, two, Ye coming for you
Three, four, better lock your door
Five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, never sleep again
I said some shit like, umm
If you in my things, you Suicide Kings
There's only Three Kings, Me, Myself and Irene
You know what I'm saying?









I wish all wack niggas'd get out the game
You can't con me, that’s half my name
And if you had any brains you wouldn't wanna lose half your brain
By hating on players in the game
Wack nigga, the beat go, “Duh-duh-da”
And then your flow go way the fuck off
I kill y'all niggas on that lyrical shit
Mayonnaise colored Benz, I push Miracle Whips
But I'm not trying to cause commotion
And have my niggas bring all the toast in
I just want your girl to rub my balls with lotion
'Cause you got madder, ripped down all my posters
But you came at me like "Yo, I got the Kia with the woodgrain"
Yeah you would, lame
"On the real, in the streets I got the good name
"I got the TV" Yeah, that’s good, man

Wake up in the morning, dawg, you just a wack niggas
I'd kill myself if I was that wack niggas
Everything you wear and rock is just wack niggas
Even if you flossing rocks, you just wack niggas
You can't do it, dawg, you's a wack niggas
Biting ass, bitch ass, trick ass wack niggas
Even your daughter says, "My Daddy's a–" wack niggas
You wack nigga!
(In the beginning) Niggas forcing me to keep the heat up
Black strap, white handle, I got jungle fever
Black Benz, white truck and one two-seater
Wack niggas hold hands and follow the procedure
'Cause I got enough tools that one gon' leave you
If I drop enough dudes, man, one gon' reach you
If they build enough schools, man, one gon' teach you
Kanye the shit, but I ain't trying to be feces-tious
(In the beginning) Niggas forcing me to keep the heat up
Black strap, white handle, I got jungle fever
Black Benz, white truck and one two-seater
Wack niggas hold hands and follow the procedure
'Cause I got enough tools that one gon' leave you
If I drop enough dudes, man, one gon' reach you
If they build enough schools, man, one gon' teach you
Kanye the shit, but I ain't trying to be feces-tious
Wake up in the morning and dawg, you just a wack niggas
I’d kill myself if I was that wack niggas
Everything you wear and rock is just wack niggas
Even if you flossing rocks, you just wack niggas
Gotta name drop to get a girl naked wack niggas
Plus your ass can't sell one record wack niggas
Even your daughter says, "My Daddy's a–" wack niggas
"My Daddy's a wack nigga"
My homie Mali used to stay, 79th and May
One of my best friends from back in the day
Down the street from Calumet, a school full of Stones
He nicknamed me K-Rock so they'll leave me alone
Bulls jacket with his hat broke way off
And walked around the mall with his radio face off
Plus he had the spinner from his Daytons in his hand
Keys in his hand, reason again to let you know he's the man
Back when we rocked Ellesses, he had dreams of Caprices
Drove by the teachers, even more by polices
How'd he get the cash? The day his father passed away
Left him with a lil' somethin', sixteen, he was stuntin'
Al B. Sure nigga with the hair all wavy
Hit Lake Shore, girls go all crazy
Hit the freeway, go at least 'bout eighty
Boned so much that summer, even had him a baby
See back-back then-then, if you had a car
You was the Chi-Town version of Baby
And I was just a virgin, a baby
One of the reasons I looked up to him crazy
I used to love to play my demo tape when the system yanked
Felt like I was almost signed when the shit got cranked
We'd take a Saturday and just circle the mall
They had they Lincolns and Auroras, we was hurtin 'em all
With the girls a lot of flirtin' involved, but dog
Fuck all that flirtin', I'm tryin' to get in some drawers
So, put me on with these hoes homie
He told me don't rush to get grown, drive slow, homie
Drive slow homie
Drive slow
You never know homie, about these hoes homie
You need to pump ya brakes and drive slow homie




Yeah, bumpa bumpa bump bump
Drive slow homie
Drive slow homie
You never know homie, might need some hoes homie
You need to pump ya brakes and drive slow homie
Drive slow homie
Yeah
Welcome, ladies and gentlemen
You're so privileged right now to be in the presence of
The truth (The days)
The creator (I praise)
The originator of this style (It's a shame)
Accept no immitations
Kanye To-The (The days)
With The Teriyaki Boyz (I pray)
Big Money League in effect (It's a shame)
I-I-I-I still love H.E.R
I-I still love H.E.R., Hanto E. Rap
(Verse 1)
(Ryo-Z in background)
Ima mo iro asenai Memory Lane
Deai wa School Daze nori de day moushikon demo
Are kara mainichi kimi ni tegami shitatameru
Tame nai chie shibori bokyabu wo drop
Daremo ga hotto, kyashinai hodo hot
Na baby, wo rock, suru ima ja boku no job
Kimi to asonde itanda maiban
I remember (I remember)
I remember back in the day, high tops haite
Sugureta MJ no Dunk Shot kakete
After school, kimi to futari no park
Yofuke made odotte takke
Next day, jugyou chuu, as I read my S.A
Message
Kokoro komete ne
Futari dake no himitsu vocabulary
Chiribameta roburetaa
Tashika ni
Tsuuji atte ta O.P.P
Dekinai uwaki
Teiuka zokkon maji honki
Anna ni
Aishi atte noni
"What happened girl?"
Pre-Chorus: Verbal & Wise
Got a lot of soul and you know that your on my mind
Baby
Mada mada bokura wa kimi wo oikaketai
Lady
Chorus:
(Ryo-Z in background)
Uh
Uh
Yo
(Verse 2)
All the words that you said, mada kizamarete
Ima demo can't forget
How you let the rhythm hit
Represent dokashitetane just to get a rep
Sonna koro ga fresh
Demo ima de ha all about the
Ikka ku senkin, 'bout the benjamins
About the mesaki no seiko bakari
Ryuu shutsu seiki rara pose on the internet
You know the whole repetoire
Kuchi guse wa kukumei
Datta no ga ima dewa, "Money makin'"
Atari mae no you ni time's racing
Dakedo ano koro no
Days, remember?
Koko de hodoite
Gutto kuruyou na omoide
Nagamete mae no hou ga poi ze
Choice is yours, na no ni poison
Erabu no wa doshite
Kimi ni moshi deru I still love
H-E-R
Tell me why
Hoka no ko wa hayari de Passin' Me By
Shiteku kedo kimi dake only one
Do what you like
If that's your style
Sonna ima no kimi to odottetai
Mada owachattanai
Kore ga hajimaridatte
Remember, kimi wa Hanto E. Rap
Repeat Pre-Chorus
Repeat Chorus
I know
I know
I know
Uh
This is what y'all all looking forward to
This is more than historical, anything that I say that is audible
Ought to blow, just like a chick givin' oral, yo
Lick the black, get the cream, like a Oreo
Hit the track, get the C.R.E.A.M., same story, yo
Trick that on Armani Emporium, it's more important, though
Yes sir, my aura is orchestral, but way fresher
'Cause I simply throw a symphony, on a SMPTE, but I know
That niggas steal beats, so after I emcee, I empty the M.P
So I can stay out of reach, they used to say, "Use a producer"
I'm glad I never listened to you losers, cause now, I'm in
Shibuya, buyin' somethin that's, way too exclusive
Uh, ra-ra-ra-ra-rappers are in danger, this floor is from a manger
But meaner than Lucifer, yeah, and this is the new drug
I'm the new high, y'all want ya weed back?
Yell, "I still love H.E.R., Hanto E. Rap!" (E. Rap...)
E. Rap
Repeat Chorus
Alright
Holla, holla, hollaaaaa
Holla, holla, hollaaaaa
Maybe It's me, maybe I bore you
No, no it's my fault cause I can't afford you
Maybe Baby, Puffy, or Jay Z
Would all be better for you
Cause all I could do was love you
Baby when I used to love you
There's nuttin that I wouldn't do
I went through the fire for you
Anything you asked me to
But I'm tired of living this lie
It's getting harder to justify
I realize that I just don't love you
Not like I used to
Holla, holla, hollaaaaa (yeaaahh)
Holla, holla, hollaaaaa (yeah, yeah, uh, uh)
Maybe I should rob somebody
So we could live like
Whitney and Bobby
It's probably my fault
My bad, My loss
You are above cost
All I could do was love you
Baby when I used to love you
There's nuttin that I wouldn't do
I went through the fire for you
Anything you asked me to
But I'm tired of living this lie
It's getting harder to justify
I realize that I just don't love you
Not like I used to
Holla, holla, hollaaaaa (yeaaahh)
Holla, holla, hollaaaaa (yeah, yeah, uh, uh)
Oh! I used to (Do you remember when I used to)
Love you (used to... Love you)
Oh! But I don't - not you (baby no not any more... I don't love you)
Love you (ooooh, used to ... love you)
Oh! I used to love you
(Ohhh used to love you)
You're gonna miss me now... ohhh
Baby when I used to love you
There's nuttin that I wouldn't do
I went through the fire for you
But I am not gonna play the fool
No i can't live this life
And i can't justify
And i can't make up my life
I don't love you
Not like i used to do
Holla, holla, hollaaaaa (yeaaahh)
Not like I used to
Holla, holla, hollaaaaa (yeah, yeah, uh, uh)
Not like I used to
Oh! I used to (Do you remember when I used to)
Love you
(used to... Love you)
Oh! But I don't - not you
(baby no not any more... I don't love you)
Oh! I used to love you
Love you (ooooh, used to ... love you)
Oh! But I don't - not you
(baby no not any more... I don't love you)
Oh! I used to love you
You're gonna miss me now...cause I (Ohhh used to love you)
Oh! But I don't - not you
(baby no not any more... I don't love you)
You're gonna miss me now...cause I
Oh! But I don't - not you
(baby no not any more... I don't love you)
Oh it can't Be
G.O.O.D. music my Grammy family
Used to bump the demo up outta the Camry
Now I'm hopping out the limo or either the Lam B
But you niggas gon' get in 'til you get to Miami
GLC gon be stoned as Angie
I be Don C, Johnny Patron and me
It's a celebration bitches more bottles of cham-p-aign
In love with the same stripper that sprung T-Pain
And all this Louis Vuitton shit ain't cheap mayn
Dawg I can't keep saying G.O.O.D music the greatest latest
Stunting out the middle of nowhere like Vegas
From the Chi, the city of hella haters
Where we keep rising to the top like elevators
Hi haters I'm back off hiatus I feel just like you I mean even I hate us
Turn the radio down I mean every song
Yeezy got a vision that's clearer than Evian
Used to hit the radio them faggots ain't let me on
Until Khaled turned up the volume
Hit the club with it come on homie they wilding
Nas done told you come on homie we major
Really Doe told you hoes where we staying
G.O.O.D music up in this bitch now quit playing
Dawg it can't be
G.O.O.D. music the Grammy family
A little bit a stunting, flicking dawg it ain't deep
I'm only trying to spend what they claim you can't keep
Before you die so I make sure I stay on the Chi side
Like Lakeshore Drive
The Grammy Family

On Grammy night call it G.O.O.D. family night
Celebrate tonight
Oh it's alright, it's alright, yeah
Uh
When the people don't have land, they settle for brands
They want Jesus polo sport and Obama again
My foresight is incredible
She pull the foreskin back-back like it's edible
Democracy is just a simulation, the government
I just served over a billion, I'm lovin' it
She got lightskin, nipples yeah, that's my favorite
Shawn White lookin' like he's working for the agents
Wish a white dude wouldn't tell me about black lives
Wasn't my choice, before my parents got me baptized
Black oppression is a business
I see they want to test me like the Litmus
While Noah be fixin' the EQ
I'm just waiting on the day I finally get Me-Too'd
'Cause nigga did a lot of shit, uh
They say I don't belong in politics, uh (Look)


I'm the team's ayatollah
Ultrabeam out the solar
Oh these niggas dumb dumb
And they claim they for the culture
Tryna keep my composure
When I scream at the chauffeur
I ain't mean, I'm just focused
I ain't mean, bitch, I'm focused
Playin' king like it's poker (King like it's)
But you ain't dealin' with the Joker (You ain't with him)
Global warmin' gettin' closer (Closer)
Thank God I'm bipolar (Woo)
Whole life on the floater (Hold on the floater)
Don't need rings or the trophies (Only rings)
Glasses bangin' from the toasts, yeah (From the toast)
Have a drink for the coldest (Drink for the coldest)
Pour the lean out slower (Lean out slower)
Got us clean out of soda (Clean out)
Before the flood niggas judged
They did the same thing to Noah (God)
Everybody need Yandhi (They ain't need the culture)
My cousin's mad at my auntie (Mad at my auntie)
You bought a crib out the country (Mad at me)
You tryna Mitsubishi Galant me?
Yeah, this the one and only
You can't tell a unicorn from a pony
Live freedom, this is freedom
Fuck your feelin's, you could keep 'em
Show your grill when you greet 'em
My nigga, kneel when you meet 'em
Know God when you see him
Love God, you gon' need him
Don't you love God, won't you hug God
This is God in the flesh
Come and touch God, give a blowjob
Kanye gave up the West
Kanye to Yeezy (Yeezy)
Maybe just Ye (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Fuck a slave name (Fuck a slave name)
Fuck a slave name (Fuck a slave name)
Copped the whole game for four hundred years
The prophecy 2019
Them niggas is woke, those niggas is woke
Them niggas ain't woke like me
Hop off the boat like me
Y'all don't want smoke like me
Y'all supposed to be mad at them
Y'all ain't supposed to fight me (Never)
Ye, Ye, Ye, Ye
Ye, Ye, Ye, Ye
Ye, Ye, Ye, Ye
Ye, Ye, Ye, Ye
Number one spot, you been cheatin' on me (Ye, Ye)
Niggas get you and be thinkin' they me (Ye, Ye)
You could be you but you never be me (Ye, Ye, Ye, Ye)
You never be me (Ye, Ye, Ye, Ye)
Yeah, yeah, yeah (Ye, Ye, Ye, Ye)
The universe is on our side (Ye, Ye, Ye, Ye)
If you woke, then wake up, nigga
Sob, sob then we make up, nigga
Stop killin' and make-up, nigga
That's the shit that shake-up niggas
Bars sound like a K-pop, nigga
God's somethin' they can't front, nigga
Stab your back, they can't front, nigga
Drop us off where we want, nigga
Ain't no wantin', know we need it, huh
We must have, we ain't greedy, huh
Stomp, stomp, they been needy, huh
Told the money, "They ain't see me, huh"
We ain't the product, we are the juice
We going wild, we staying loose
Home for the Zeus, we got the proof (Yeezy, Yeezy)
(Yeezy, Yeezy)
Niggas is wrong, fuck what they do
We in the streets (Yeezy), we goin' through (Yeezy)
We like the we (Yeezy), y'all niggas you (Yeezy)
Hold up for you (Yeezy), you, you, you, you (Yeezy)
Hoo, hoo, hoo, hoo
Hoo, hoo, hoo, hoo
Hoo, hoo, hoo, hoo
Hoo, hoo, hoo, hoo
Hoo, hoo, hoo, hoo
Hoo, hoo, hoo, hoo
Hoo, hoo, hoo, hoo
Hoo, hoo, hoo, hoo
But right now it's just too many fine ladies out there
I'm tryin' girls out, just tryin' girls out
I love girls, girls, girls
Girls, girls I do adore
Yo put your number on this paper cuz
I would love to date ya
Holla at ya when I come off tour

Now let the people sing
Yo put your number on this paper cuz I would love to date ya
Holla at ya when I come off tour
Now even though I went to college and dropped out of school quick
I always had a P.H.D.--A pretty huge dick
Ladies tired of getting ripped off by guys like this
And giving head is like a whale that's using a toothpick
Well--I'm in the club for a limited time only
2 way or phone me if you tryna bone me
Yo man got moe-nee, you still feel lonely
Claim he love you, it's no doubt, it's Gwen Stef-phony
You a light skinded Nia, a dark skinned Aaliyah
A Black Jennifer Lopez, a ghetto senorita
You remind me of my Jeep, but not no Kia
We can talk on my cell, but not Nokia
It be going in and out thats why I barely hear ya
I be goin' in and out just like a robberia
I’m tryna take this money like Rob and G-dep
Then i'mma take you to my house like Trick and Trina
Chi-Town, Chi-Town, big city of dreams
And my dick so big it can't fit in my jeans
And a bitch so mad she can't get in my cream
And it get so bad she wanna tear up my things
But still, K-A-N-Y-E
Chi-Town playa out in N-Y-C
She say she wanna go on a shopping spree
Bought her some cheap J.Lo jeans 'cuz the ass was free
I'm not a one girl's guy, and they know it
When it comes to love, I don't lie, and the girls respect me for it
Ain't gonna say my nose? can't be over
But right now it's just too many fine ladies out there to choose one from
I'm tryin girls out, waiting patiently
Just tryin girls out, until I find the one for me


Close your eyes and let the word paint a thousand pictures
One good girl is worth a thousand bitches
I wanna fuck you hard on the sink
After that, give you something to drink
Step back, can't get spunk on the mink
I mean damn, what would Jeromey Romey Romey Rome think?
Hey, you remember where we first met?
Okay, I don't remember where we first met
But hey, admitting is the first step
And hey, you know ain't nobody perfect
And I know, with the hoes I got the worst rep
But hey, their backstroke I'm tryna perfect
And hey, ayo, we made it: Thanksgiving
So hey, maybe we can make it to Christmas
She asked me what I wished for on my wishlist
Have you ever asked your bitch for other bitches?
Maybe we could still make it to the church steps
But first, you gon' remember how to forget
After all these long-ass verses
I'm tired, you tired, Jesus wept

Jerome's in the house, watch your mouth
Jerome's in the house, watch your mouth
To my nigga
Brought me in this world
Ha, that's right, nigga
My ol' dad important to the family structure, provider, a God
My moms a queen, that universal team civilized us
My pops maybe was late, but always came home
My moms would put us to bed, and she would wait on
Soon as he walked in the door, she barking
I turned down the Johnny Carson
Jumped out the bed, we grabbed both his legs
Me and my brother, not knowing the pain he gave my mother
Night after night, fighting, yelling at each other
My poppa played the street all day
Mama was either home or at work
While we playing inside the hall way
She sacrifices all she got to feed us
When she was alone she cried by the phone
Peeping out the window, heated
But still, I didn't see it, mama hid it from us
We was kids, younger, 'til we got bigger, on to
Bigger things, that we knew what the time was
That daddy was leaving his crib and my mom's love
Poppa was a playa, playa was in poppa
Poppa loved the ladies, never got enough of
The pretty brown round, running round town
"(Shhh!) Don't tell your mother what's going down"
Poppa was a playa, playa was in poppa
Poppa loved the ladies, never got enough of
The pretty brown round, running round town
"(Shhh!) Don't tell your mother what's going down"
So many kids I knew, never knew who Pop was
That's why I show my pop love
'Cause he was still around when I popped up
He could have left my moms pregnant, shook to death, but stayed
Watched me crawl 'til I took my first step, to the first grade
To my first fistfight, right behind me, he would stand
No matter how big or tall, he made me fight you like a man
Throw dirt in ya eye, swing my right, scoop your ass and slam
He watched me so I wouldn't get jumped by shorty's fam
Roaches of weed all over my crib, him and moms relaxing
Next thing you know he packing, so then I asked him
"What's this white shit on that plate and your face?
And, Poppa, why you butt-ass from the waist
And, who's this lady I'm facing?
Dark skin, you not my mommy!"
He grabbed me up to run some smooth words by me
Promised me things that he would buy me
If I kept my mouth closed and don't tell Mommey
He said one day I'll understand—
"Little me, what's in you is inside me"
Poppa was a playa, playa was in poppa
Poppa loved the ladies, never got enough of
The pretty brown round, running round town
"(Shhh!) Don't tell your mother what's going down"
Poppa was a playa, playa was in poppa
Poppa loved the ladies, never got enough of
The pretty brown round, running round town (Ugh, my nigga)
"(Shhh!) Don't tell your mother what's going down"
Pops told me hold my own, Pops told me value home
Could I help it, "Papa Was a Rolling Stone"?
Who loved the pretty brown round, out-of-town-bound
Trumpet in his jazz band, he touring
At home, I played his latest recordings
And it's strange how I do my thing now, I'm in the game now
Inherited his brainpower, to pull strings and gain power
Our weed habits the same now
No white lines, or trumpets, just tight rhymes
And beats that's bumpin, 'fore he left, he taught me something
A child's young years the most important time to be there
That's why he stayed 'til we grew up, respect is still here
I'm older now, see what having a father's about
One day they can be in your life, next day, they be out
It's not because of you, you know the deal
Him and your moms feel
If they stay together, then someone will get killed
I love you still, always will, 'cause that's my nigga
Although you felt you was wrong, I still feel you, kid
Life goes on...
Diamonds are forever (yeah)
They won't leave in the night
I've no fear that they might desert me
Uh, F&F, yeah
You know what I'm saying
I figure, I feel like I should just
You know, show people other side that weren't aware
You know what I'm saying
They are presently unaware
They don't know about it
You know what I'm saying
You know just show 'em there's an other side to this thing right here
We call it bling

Diamonds are forever (yeah)
You know what I'm saying
(Diamonds are forever)
Now I ain't comin' down on nobody
You know what I'm saying
I ain't trying to judge nobody and nothin' like that (Forever)
You know what I'm saying
I floss too, I might go get me a pinky ring tomorrow
You know what I'm saying
But, I just want you to see man
You know what I'm saying
Just see man

Diamonds are forever (yeah)
You know what I'm saying
I felt like I should just let you all know that
You know what I'm saying
Make you all aware, so many people
Do things to glorify 'em
I felt like it was time for somebody to do somethin'
That would horrify 'em
You know what I'm saying
Bet you never thought that
That 20 karat ring or 20 karat chain or bracelet that you got on
Is fundin' some little war somewhere
Got some little kid murderin' a whole family somewhere
You know what I'm saying
But hey! Just think, now you know
You know what I'm saying
You gotta know to be a hypocrite, baby (haha!)
Hollaback, F&F up! (Forever)
Chi-town, Lupe!
Through the wire
To the wall
All my rhymes is raw
All these beats beats beats beats beats
All of 'em coulda been lost
I always got to floss
I almost paid the cost
So before I go...
Every sunset feel righter, sunshines feel brighter
Please light ya lighter for the producer and the writer
Feel like God wrote this, I'm just here to quote this
I don't know if you noticed, them accident pictures is bogus
Doctor, doctor, would you please say somethin'?
I know I almost was the final destination
I musta had a blessin' from Pastor Mason
Cause that trip to L.A. coulda been my last vacation
And, man, I know I can
Drop a down payment on that Porsche Cayenne
But, what, I went along with the plan
Paid for my own video, directed by my man
I know God was holdin' my hand
Wouldn't let me go before I went before Def Poetry Jam
Wouldn't let me throw in the towel 'fore I got to throwin' some vowels
'Bout what we goin' through now
Out the blue girls got a crush on me like I did beats for Mr. Cheeks
And since the accident, they tellin' me that it's the cheeks
But if you look at history, the last rapper that almost died
Sold 6.5 'cept I'm comin' from the Chi
Through the wire
To the wall
All my rhymes is raw
All these beats beats beats beats beats
All of them coulda been lost
I always got to floss
I almost paid the cost
So before I go to sleep sleep sleep
Always thank the Lord
For this mic and my keyboard
Hecky naw that boy is raw
Now even though I ain't wired up
We-we-we fired up
You ain't seen my concerts lately, they be linin' up
You ain't seen my girls lately, they be tryin' to cut
And they heard about my girl so I still chill
Cause Monica Lewinsky already killed Bill
And that girl that was with Kobe tried to go for the kill
I think he put it in the wrong Holyfield
Can I take a minute with y'all to be totally real?
Far as my jaw and all, it ain't totally heal
If I would have died, 10/23 of last year
That would have threw a monkey wrench in my whole career
But me, I took the worst thing, turn it into the best thing
I'm from the Chi, I guess it's just a Midwest thing
Times like this make life interesting
Times like this make me count my blessings
Cause you could run around like King of the Chi
But God could take that in a blink of a eye
I remember Cedars-Sinai and all those cryin'
Mama, I'm sorry for almost dyin'
Tell Alwe G and Hip Hop man
Tell Don I'ma John Monopolize the game
Add on Benny Medina, we gon' take 'em to the cleaners
I'm Kanye West, the college dropout slash genius
Now if the Roc is in the building say, "Hell yeah!"
Throw your diamonds in the air
If the Roc is in the building say, "Hell yeah!"
Throw your diamonds in the air
If the Roc is in the building say, "Hell yeah!"
Throw your diamonds in the air
Throw your diamonds in the air
Throw your diamonds in the air
Now keep 'em in the air
Yeah yeah yeah yeah
Yeah yeah yeah yeah
We outta here
College Dropout
In the night, I hear 'em talk
Coldest story ever told
And somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul to a woman so heartless
Mmm, how could you be so heartless?
Mmm, how could you be so heartless?
How could you be so
Cold as the winter wind when it breeze, yo?
Just remember that you talkin' to me though
Need to watch the way you talkin' to me, yo
I mean, after all the things that we been through
I mean, after all the things we got into
Ayo, I know of some things that you ain't told me
I know I did some things but that's the old me
And now you wanna get me back and you gon' show me
So you walk around like you don't know me
You got a new friend – well, I got homies
But in the end, it's still so lonely
In the night, I hear 'em talk
Coldest story ever told
And somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul to a woman so heartless
Mmm, how could you be so heartless?
Mmm, how could you be so heartless?
How could you be so Dr. Evil?
You're bringin' out a side of me that I don't know
I decided we weren't gon' speak and so
Why we up 3 a.m. on the phone?
Why do she be so mad at me for?
Homie, I don't know, she's hot and cold
I won't stop, won't mess my groove up
‘Cause I already know how this thing go
You run and tell your friends that you're leavin' me
They say that they don't see what you see in me
Wait a couple of months, then you gonna see
You'll never find nobody better than me
In the night, I hear 'em talk
Coldest story ever told
And somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul to a woman so heartless
Mmm, how could you be so heartless?
Mmm, how could you be so heartless?
Talk and talk and talk and talk
Baby, let's just knock it off
They don't know what we been through
They don't know about me and you
I got somethin' new to see
You just gon' keep hatin' me
We just gon' be enemies
I know you can't believe
I could just leave it wrong
So I'm gon' make it right
I'm gon' take off tonight
Into the night...
I hear 'em talk
Coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul to a woman so heartless
Mmm, how could you be so heartless?
Mmm, how could you be so heartless?
Mmm, how could you be so heartless?
Mmm, how could you be so heartless?

She was the type to watch Oprah and the Today Show
Be on the treadmill, uh, like OK Go
Had a body, A body that you can't pay fo'
That mean she had some Ds on her but they wasn't fake though
Had a drive for a drive for Rodeo
She spent pesos on those labels
Spin class at the gym, strip tease on a pole
She was so obsessed with her body and clothes
To every party she goes, tryin hard to be chose
They say it's hard for a pimp but extra hard for these (hoes)
Readin Us and People mag, tryna get the scoop
Chasin a actor for a Bentley Coupe
She been through the ball player from the Clippers, then came the pumps off
All thinkin she number one where she was just a jumpoff
Doin all she can for a man and a baby
Drivin herself crazy like the astronaut lady
He had paper since we was in we was in high school
Pop was a doc, mom taught at my school
Lock with the rocks, in his ears he kept jewels
One of the Diddy types, da D-D-Dame Dash dudes
Pushed a Maserati sport, reading the Robb Report
Wanted to be Mike but he was never live at sports
Since golf is in he was on the drivin course
To live the rap life is what he was strivin for
Spendin cash at the bar to get credit
Drinkin Chaundon just because Big said it
They say Ye is but dude was big headed
Rocked the fur in the summer so somebody'd pet it
He had a fetish for shoes that's athletic
Pathetic on his MySpace page half nekkid
It's a shame what they do for fame and to be respected
Joe, you coulda got it if you never woulda stressed it
They was one of them couples, people said they were the it
Unbreakable, like Bobby and Whit
Or Ryan and Reese, or Kimora and Russ
Relationships can be dead but look live to us
I guess we all been through it where we try too much
Losin yourself and you're lyin and stuff
Wishin for the diamond cuffs, in search of a ring
Where love is not a mystery it's everything





Druggie nigga, I'm a slump boy
In for the 'bidden fruit, should given me joy
But my pastor always talk, I gotta lie to me
These nigga's biting me like sharks tryin' to clone me (Yea-)
But shit, that's how I earn respect (Yea-)
Sippin' from the holy grail, while getting neck
Don't need to sneeze to know I'm blessed
I'm Versace, motherfucker, you guessed
Small car, they try to get higher
The pussy I slay, but her's is a fighter
You're mad 'cause you can't be like me
I stunt, I flex, and I burn Mary, G (Y'all feel like that?)
I stick to the code
Fall back and let young niggas watch them take notes
Uh (Y'all feel like that?)

Fall down, fall down, Lord, please
Let it (Let it), fall down, fall, Lord, please
Fall down, fall down, Lord, please
Let it (Let it), fall down, fall, Lord, please
Sometimes it's soft as a misting rain
That gently touches our souls
It cools the fire that burns in us
And we simply lose control
So just rain down, Lord, Lord, please
Let your love fall like rain
Just rain, Lord, please
Just rain down, Lord, Lord, please
Let your love just shower us
Just rain, Lord, please
Sometimes it's soft as a misting rain
That gently touches our souls
It cools the fire that burns in us
And we simply lose control
So just rain down, Lord, Lord, please
Let your love fall like rain
Just rain, Lord, please
Just rain down, Lord, Lord, please
Let your love just shower us
Just rain, Lord, please
Rain, rain, Lord, please
Rain, rain, Lord, please
Rain, rain, Lord, please
Rain, rain, Lord, please
Rain, rain, Lord, please (Rain down, Lord please)
Rain, rain, Lord, please (We need it, we need it)
Rain, rain, Lord, please (Rain down, Lord please)
Rain, rain, Lord, please (We need it, we need it)
Rain, rain, Lord, please (Rain down, Lord please)
Rain, rain, Lord, please (We need it, we need it)
Rain, Lord, please
Rain, rain, Lord, please (Rain down, Lord please)
Rain, rain, Lord, please (We need it, we need it)
Rain, rain, Lord, please (Rain down, Lord please)
Rain, rain, Lord, please (We need it, we need it)
Rain, rain, Lord, please (Rain down, Lord please)
Rain, rain, Lord, please (We need it, we need it)
Rain, Lord, please
Rain, rain, Lord, please (Rain down, Lord please)
Rain, rain, Lord, please (We need it, we need it)
Rain, rain, Lord, please (Rain down, Lord please)
Rain, rain, Lord, please (We need it, we need it)
Rain, rain, Lord, please (Rain down, Lord please)
Rain, rain, Lord, please (We need it, we need it)
Rain, Lord, please
Sometimes it's soft as a misting rain
Uh, uh, let's take it back to basics
When shit gets worse, we converse
How we need a new balance
Before the lines get crossed like Asics
Just look at what we got, if we don't shoot the Reeboks
This is a beat that no flow can detox
So the respect is due like my Louie back
I don't wanna have to check you
I'm Chi as Buck-Fiftys and Pelle Pelle leathers
Some say my beats made the Bulls play better
I say, black on black is the hate that hate made
Sara Lee with the dough, I'm talkin' bout the cake maid
McDonald's with the flow, served over a billion
You've seen the video, words over the building
Uh, I wish I could give you this feeling
I wish I could give you this feeling
And when the Workout Plan ain't work out, man
Me and Common is back on the corners again
On the corner

I'm so, excited
I'm home, been grindin'
Let's go, tonight
Just make some money you know
I got it, if you want it
If you love it
I'm on it, I'm on it
So come on it
I need your loving tonight
I'm tired of my job
I'm tired of my boss
Im taking you out
You taking it off
Only thing on my mind is how we bout to get it on
I wanna get caught up in your love tonight
You can help me just breathe, breathe
Im tryin' get caught up in your love tonight
You can help me just breathe, breathe
Now we got time
Let's stay in
I'm sayin'
I'mma make her stay home from church
I'm prayin'
I finally got to take the night off
So we can make some love tax right offs
We'll light some candles with the lights off
So we can set the mood right off
I wanna get caught up in your love tonight
You can help me just breathe, breathe
Im tryin' get caught up in your love tonight
You can help me just breathe, breathe
I'm so, excited
I'm home, been grindin'
Let's go, tonight
Just make some money you know
I got it, if you want it
If you love it
I'm on it, I'm on it
So come on it
I need your loving tonight
I need your loving tonight
I need your loving tonight
I wanna get caught up in your love tonight
You can help me just breathe, breathe
Im tryin' get caught up in your love tonight
You can help me just breathe, breathe
I wanna get caught up in your love tonight
You can help me just breathe, breathe
Im tryin' get caught up in your love tonight
You can help me just breathe, breathe
It's your boy Ne-Yo, we gonna do it like this
The Roc is in the building, yeah
It's the remix yo
Kanye is in the building
Yo, the monster don is in the building, we in here
Kanye West is in the building
Ghostface
Your boy getting fat now
I got the fat stomach and laid up, eating good now
Other girl all stressed out, my girl got the fat ass
Shorty mad, pulling her hair out

I'm high powered, put Eva Mendes to sleep
Yo pardon, that bitch been on my mind all week
But back to you, MAC gloss chick, you're way fit
How you have everything in this world and waste it
Prince told me it'll be okay, I'm so sick like Ne-Yo say
I'm laid back, like neo-soul, I holla back at this Creole ho
She from the N.O., but she never told me "N-O" so
We at the spot to chill, where the food get grilled
She ordered the Kobe beef like Shaquille O'Neal
Second I walked in, the whole room got still
I don't know how to put this, but I'm kind of a big deal
And she conceited, she got a reason
She got her hair did, she got her weave in
And I'mma sweat that out by the evening
You, I don't sweat that now, I got a new
Come through the block, in the brand new Benz
Knowing that me and that nigga ain't friends
Yeah, what I did was wack
But you don't get a nigga back like that
Bouncing around, when I'm up in these streets
Knowing that me and that nigga got beef
Yeah, what I did was wack
But you don't get a nigga back like that, no

Come through the block, in the brand new Benz
Knowing that me and that nigga ain't friends
Yeah, what I did was wack
But you don't get a nigga back like that
Bouncing around, when I'm up in these streets
Knowing that me and that nigga got beef
Yeah, what I did was wack
But you don't get a nigga back like that, no

Come through the block, in the brand new Benz
Knowing that me and that nigga ain't friends
Yeah, what I did was wack
But you don't get a nigga back like that
Bouncing around, when I'm up in these streets
Knowing that me and that nigga got beef
Yeah, what I did was wack
But you don't get a nigga back like that, no

Excuse me but this verse
Has not been Russell Simmons approved uh-uh
You won't see it on Run's house uh-uh
You won't see it at a nun's house
My New York nigga said he heard it at son's house
Talkin' 'bout how this ho is poor as my low is
Baby is my Lois, maybe I'm just bogus
Cause she don't wan't you to buy her a drank
Swizz said she ain't got no money in the bank
And she be standin' there, cause it's cameras
Tryin' to show yo legs off, you ain't Amerie
If I fall in love, a girl gon' live on rodeo
Until that day-o, she take the monorail
And I don't want no girl that will answer to "ayo"
Make it more harder, make me put some work in
You get to flirtin', play her just perfect
Fuck a drank, I'mma buy tha bar if ya worth it






Will I ever change in this life?
My grandma said I'll never change and she right
Y'all think that L.A. gang banging shit hype?
Well you finna' find out what the game be like








Word, word *gibberish*
How do we smoke crack, how do we smoke?
How do we smoke?


We'd love to smack you
Hot lead flying with debris and shrapnel
Ripping you to shreds, fucking up your tattoo
Break into your crib, take your records and plaques too
D12 is, that's who! Got you limping
Still popping something purple with a bottle of gin, bitch!
I fuck up your kinship, I lie in this shit
Peep, I stole your mom's jeep and crashed into my street
Crazy deranged, of course we Shady's gang
Of course we wear clothes with holes and blood stains
No doubt, we shoot badges, born with ski masks
Chew on shrooms, drink booze, and pee acid


Them D12 niggas, they be quick to blast
I'll take my shower cap off, and whup your ass
Stepping to us, you can't be the smartest
Cause you'll get dropped like an Aftermath artist

I've been doing this for a minute
And I'm starting to see my little brother Caleb
Look more like a star then me
That's why I just started working out
Man, this shit ain't working out

Hamnili-lalala
Hamnili-lalala
Hamnili-lalala
Hamnili-lalala
(*Hacks and spits*)
Hamnili-lalala
Hamnili-lalala
Hamnili-lalala
Hamnili-lalala
Hamnili-lalala
Hamnili-lalala
Hamnili-lalala
Hamnili-lalala
You can't tell me nothing
Gangster? I don't buy it -- you can't sell me nothing
I'm everything you thought I wasn't
Now check out how I does it on this K. West production
All your bullshit, I will flush it
And I got the paper to wipe that ass
Every little song and dance come out, y'all hype that trash
And yo, I'm far from a hater
Cause suckers gotta eat too -- get y'all paper
I ain't mad at cha -- I just can't deal with these fake rappers
Cause most of these niggas wear they boxers backwards
Niggas claim king but can't govern they household
Now real niggas doing time from shit they mouth told
Why dick-eating niggas always rap with a mouth full?
But you know they don't play with me
The realest nigga alive -- what can these niggas say to me? Nothing
La la la la, wait 'til I get my money right
La la la la, then you can't tell me nothing, right?
Excuse me, is you saying something?
Uh-uh, you can't tell me nothing
I had a dream that Jay and Dame was back together
And in that second, everything was back the same
In reality, your boy went to Mecca, came back
And said that I would never rap again
But I'm back and that's the way the ball bounce
A verse is a ounce, a album's a brick -- now it's time for traffic game
Y'all lame, I am the product
Hotter than lava, they wonder how this Roc-a-fella package came
First you take a brick of Jay, a brick of 'Ye
Couple quarters of Freeway, an ounce of Beans
Then you kill 'em with the flow
We the realest; even Dontrelle Willis couldn't out the team
We speak the truth and they believe us
Tell FEMA even Hurricane Katrina couldn't out the flames
Roc-a-fella here to stay, we airing out y'all lames
Free At Last on the way, so clear 'em out my lane
Yeah homie, this the theme song
First I get my money right, then I get my team on
If I always prayed to have gleam on
Three hundred dollar jeans on, do that mean I dream wrong?
And I was high as a Lear jet
Fly as the insect even though we in debt
And it don't matter if I get her number cause
When I get my money right, she gon' come running
And I be good like God with a extra "o"
God knows that my check needs some extra O's
And you know that you need to bring some extra
Not in jogging pants, either -- tell 'em wear some sexy clothes
Now my game so professional and my chain so fresh, they go
But after the fame, did you gain anything?
Damn, 'Ye, would you change anything?

Listen -- I ain't worried 'bout shit
It's a Roc-a-fella/GMG invasion, bitch
You hear them niggas talking 'bout me? Ain't that some shit
These niggas is like bitches -- they all on my dick
They don't want no real G to get in position
I opened up the door so all my real niggas could get in
Roc-a-fella, Def Jam, GMG it's on
Uncle Murda coming for the motherfucking throne
Listen, you could call me the king of New York
You can't front, I'm doing my thing
If it wasn't for the chronic and these bad-ass ho's
I'd be shooting motherfuckers everywhere I go, oh
But the head I be getting got me chilling
Got a nigga like, let me focus on these millions, man
It got me not thinking 'bout these lames
They don't really want no beef, they ain't life-threatening
I'm puffing purple haze with that sour diesel
Can't forget that kush -- I'm high as a eagle
And just cause I'm high off that marijuana
Don't mean I don't see them niggas creeping around the corner
They goners
GOOD Music, Yeezy
(I'm D'Banj)
If you ask me
Anybody who ain’t tell you you was beautiful today need their ass beat
As we proceed, Island breeze, light the weed
I couldn’t find the words on how I feel
But what I lacked in skill I made up for in real
Time, the most precious thing a man could give
Because what she givn' back is why that man can live
We need to take a break, minus the screech, oh
Find a resort, what? Private beach, Oooh
Pina colada sippin', by the sunset
My mission is to find every position, we ain't done yet


You getting louder than a two year old drumset
That's a mean gift, you work a mean stick
You’re like a phoenix, you could be my phoenix
Just rub your hands all over my v-neck
Swag, swag on Mach 5
Pac, 'cause don't it feel like Pac alive?
Feel my apocalypse, feel like I could just
Touch heaven with a Goddess in my fingertips
And I’m just trying to kiss every single lips
Hey Yeezy, what’s your next single is?
That D'banj causing hysteria
Soon as we hop of the plane in Nigeria
Omo toh good oh (toh good oh)
Oh nice oh (toh good oh)
Omo toh clean oh (toh clean oh)
Omo to set oh (toh set oh)
Toh sweet oh (toh sweet oh)
Lift up your voices now, sing praises unto God
For all the things that He has done
All for it, all to Him, He is the morning sun
Sing praises unto God
We lift our voices to God (C'mon, let's take it up everybody, lift up your voices)
Lift up your voices now, sing praises unto God (For how many things?)
For all the things that He has done
All for it, all to Him (He is), He is the morning sun (Come on and lift your voice and sing)
Sing praises unto God
We lift our voices to God (To the King of Kings, to the Lord of Lords, c'mon and lift 'em)
We lift our voices to God (Say it again, c'mon, "Lift up your voices now")
Lift up your voices now, sing praises unto God (For how many things?)
For all the things that He has done
All for it, all to Him, He is the morning sun (C'mon, c'mon, use that voice)
Sing praises unto God
We lift our voices to God (Hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah)
We lift our voices to God (Sing it)
Oh, we praise you, Lord
Oh, we praise you, Lord (He's been so good to us, praise you)
Oh, we praise you, Lord (For who you are, for what you've done)
Oh, we praise you, Lord
We worship, we praise you
Adore you, we love you
We worship, we praise you
Adore you, we love you
We worship, we praise you
Adore you, we love you
We worship, we praise you
Adore you, we love you
For all of the things you have done
For all of the things you have done (He put food on the table, He woke us up this morning, for all)
For all of the things you have done (All the strength today, tell 'em, tell 'em)
For all of the things you have done (C'mon, can we put it all together? Let Him know, we worship)
We worship, (Praise) we praise you
(Adore) Adore you, (Love you, Lord) we love you
We worship, (Hallelujah) we praise you
(We adore you) Adore you, (We so love you) we love you
We worship (Yeah, yeah, yeah), we praise you (Woo)
Adore you, we love you
We worship, (We praise you) we praise you
(We adore you) Adore you, we love you
We worship, we praise you
(Adore) Adore you, we love you
We worship, we praise you
Adore you, we love you
We worship, we praise you
Adore you, we love you
We worship, (Praise) we praise you
(Adore) Adore you, we love you
For all of the things you have done
For all of the things you have done (Hallelujah, hallelujah, He's done so many things)
For all of the things you have done
For all of the things you have done
C'mon, c'mon, lift those hands up right where you are
C'mon, c'mon, open your mouth and just sing a praise and tell 'em
How good God has been
For who he is? Our protection, our healer, our deliverer
He will never fail us
C'mon, lift it up to him, lift it up, lift it up, lift it up
C'mon, He wants to hear you sing today
Sing it in the car, sing it in the park, it doesn't matter
C'mon, let Him know how much you feel, how you feel about Him
(Yeah, we worship) We worship, (Yeah) we praise you
(Adore) Adore you, (Yeah) we love you
We worship, (We praise) we praise you
(Adore you) Adore you, we love you
(We lift our hands) We worship, (We bow ourselves) we praise you
(Before your King) Adore you, (Nobody like you) we love you
(King of Kings) We worship, (Yes, we do) we praise you (Yeah)
Adore you, we love you
(Put those hands together, we love you)
(For all) For all of the things you have done
For all of the things you have done (Come on, everybody sing that praise)
For all of the things you have done (For all)
For all of the things you have done (Come on, last time)
For all of the things you have done
Some call Him Jehovah
Yes, that's right
Some call Him Yahweh
Yes, they do
Some call Him Adonai
Yes, that's right
But we lift our eyes to heaven and call Him
Father, I stretch my hands to Thee
No other help I know
My Lord, my Lord
My blessings, if I should count them all
As countless as the stars
My Lord, my Lord
'Cause You're the only power (Power)
That can take this world today (Power)
Jesus, You're the only power (Power)
That can take this world today (Power)
You're the only power (Power)
That can take this world today (Power)
You're the only power (Power)
That can take this world today (Power)
Ohh, (C'mon and lift your voice) ohh (Did anybody come to praise God today?)
Ohh (Put your hands up, let's go), Father
Beautiful mornin', you're the sun in my mornin', babe
Nothin' unwanted
Who can I turn to?
Beautiful mornin', you're the sun in my mornin'
You're the help I know
Ah, hey, hey, hey
Who do I turn to?
Ah, You're the help I know
Ah, hey, hey, hey
Who do I turn to?
Ah, You're the help I know
I wanna wake up with You in my beautiful morning
Who can I turn to?
Ah, You're the help I know
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
I wanna wake up with You in my beautiful morning
Who can I turn to?
Ah, You're the help I know
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey, okay, hey, okay, hey
Hey, okay, hey, okay, hey, hey, hey, hey





Now I don't know what the hell this song is talkin' bout
Do you?
She said "Yeah, I been spendin' all day tryna figure that out"
You too?
The arms race made 'em raise they arm
And race straight to the top; Who knew? (who knew?)
Right now they got that number one spot
Do you want that? (want that?) Me too
One thing I gotta call out, boy, take a look at Fall Out Boy
Since they ain't black, when they get money they don't ball out, boy
They just buy tight jeans till their nuts hang all out, boy
They figure 'Ye dress tight so we gonna dress tighter
He dress white so we gone dress whiter
So in spite of anything you might've
Seen or heard, this scene occurred, word


Coming down on the spiderweb chrome wheels (trill)
First place in the stunting race, top notch (ha)
Paint drip-drop, flip-flop, strapped with a Glock
Live every day like it's my last one; maybe it is
And ain't no morrows in my world of sorrow; maybe in his
I break ribs, break laws, break jaws at most
I still stick to the coast, hold up and reload
OH!




I don't wanna hear that bullshit
I wanna hear that official shit
Kanye and that Twista shit
That's so impossible to get it (It's just impossible)
Get it, that's so impossible to get it
Get it, that's so impossible to get it (It's impossible)


I don't wanna hear that bullshit
I wanna hear that official shit
Kanye and that Twista shit
That's so impossible to get it (It's just impossible)
Get it, that's so impossible to get it
Get it, that's so impossible to get it (It's impossible)

Used to have the bitch in the back of the Cadillac
(It's just impossible) Niggas always hatin'
You be sittin' back and be talkin' your shit
I can't help but I see you though, I don't get it
(It's impossible) Lil' mama, for you to fit all that ass in them jeans
Movin' kinda wilder, turnin' regular jeans into low riders
Tell me, can I be your man?
(It's just impossible) For you to ever deny that I'm about Chi-Town
Represent the city with the deal for twelve years
And sell a couple of mil' and still hold it down, that's impossible

I don't wanna hear that bullshit
I wanna hear that official shit
Kanye and that Twista shit
That's so impossible to get it (It's just impossible)
Get it, that's so impossible to get it
Get it, that's so impossible to get it (It's impossible)
Get it, roll the weed up and lit it
Smoke a little but don't admit it
Do it like I did, too late, I did it (It's just impossible)
The controversy can't worse me, man
I'm eating but I'm still thirsty and
Thirsty, what is you sayin'?
I got a duel with a couple niggas, that's Thursday, man
Why the hell is I'm worryin'?
Hoppin' out the Benz with the perfect 10
"Man, your life must be perfect, man
Look at how they came up with the perfect plan"
(It's just impossible) It's impossible
Got strip clubs playin' gospitel, flow so sick in the hospital
You know I jammed out like 'Pac'll do
You know you throw your diamonds when I rock with you
Since Michael Jackson made "Rock With You"
I done did shit on Logical
Maybe 'cause we did the impossible
Baby, we done did the impossible

I don't wanna hear that bullshit
I wanna hear that official shit
Kanye and that Twista shit
That's so impossible to get it (It's just impossible)
Get it, that's so impossible to get it
Get it, that's so impossible to get it (It's impossible)
I don't wanna hear that bullshit
I wanna hear that official shit
Kanye and that Twista shit
That's so impossible to get it (It's just impossible)
Get it, that's so impossible to get it
Get it, that's so impossible to get it (It's impossible)

Yeah, check check, testing
It's clear out there, yeah
It's like I'm hang glidin' over the hood, ha
Never worry (ohhh, no, no, no)
Check, let there be light
No gang bangin' in New York tonight
Just murals of Biggie Smalls, bigger than life
Turn up the kid mic ‘cause ya'll ain't listenin' right
What's all this talk that Nas got bought?
I'd rather outline my body in white chalk
Ain't nobody been where I been, they at a stand still
This is all overseen by my man Will

This ain't to glorify, just painting a street picture
There's no guidance or Bibles, just blunts and swishers
Gillettes cut 'caine in kitchen
Now every rapper wanna claim he hang with Kenneth "Supreme" McGriff, and
It's like the same difference except when niggas get arraigned
They don't want the same sentence, niggas get to snitchin
If I could reverse demises and turn falls to rises
And bring back the niggas who was livest
Old hustlers, reminiscing on better days
They home, doing nothing, might as well be in a cage
Hating on young brothers, one foot in the grave
They used to love us
Till we found our own way through the maze
New York, set trippin' and flaggin'
Got the West Coast laughin'
Now Esco's askin', "What happened?"
My homegirl from upper Manhattan; she remembers the quarters that's Latin, a lot of rat-a-tat-tattin'

The son of the audio cassette era, TEC wearer
Bullets and baguettes, Benz Bose Speaker Terror
Deman I get mine till I'm dead, so I can drive somethin' red
Like that horse standing on it's hind legs
Since Arnold and Willis in they bunk beds
I wanted bread like Wonder
Not Ned the Wino like the parents of Lionel
Nas is the Ghetto American Idol
No matter what you do you're never getting my title
I can't sound smart, ‘cause y'all will run away
They say I ain't hungry no more and I don't talk about Ye
Like there's no other way for a ex-hustler
Cake getter, the ex-wig splitter to touch you, I beg to differ
When you're four years into the game
We can have a conversation
Eight years in the game, I invite you on vacation
Ten years in the game, after I've enjoyed my fame
Only then I let you pick my brain, niggas

I don't even deal with all that garbage
(No, no, no) We getting real right, you know?
That is Tre Williams, ladies and gentlemen
Focus on good things, man, good times, heh-heh, alright

With good understanding
And a lot of patience
You can make it, yes you can
Beyond your wildest dreams
Here we are in the prime of life
We're so ripe
Yeah the time's right
Here we go and we're high of expectations
Let's not waste them
Oh the sunshine in your eyes could break the ice
I can tell that you deserve the best in life
If I offer you the chance to live tonight
Then take it
We can make it
Don't wait til tomorrow
Don't wait til tomorrow, let's go
Don't wait til tomorrow
We waited all our lives
Don't waste another day
Hesitation will only get you nowhere
Don't just stand there
Every moment is a gift
Here's your moment to live
Don't have no fear
Oh the sunshine in your eyes could break the ice
I can tell that you deserve the best in life
If I offer you the chance to live tonight
Then take it
We can make it
It's our time
It's our evening
Don't let it slip away
Tomorrow's too late
It's our night, please don't leave me
If you're lost I'll help you find your way
Your way to tomorrow
Oh don't you know we're gonna get together
Your way to tomorrow
Don't wait til tomorrow
Oh we're gonna get together
Yeah! Uh
(Jesus, Jesus, talk to me)
(Jesus, Jesus, walk with me)
(Jesus, Jesus...)
(Jesus, Jesus...)
This song right here changed my life… come on, come on!
(Jesus walks)
God showed me the way, now the devil can’t break me down
(Jesus walks with me)
Between the girls and the jewelry
The devil tryin’ lure me, it fury me
(Jesus walks with me)
My pastor's shakin’ his head
He ain’t sure of me, but surely
(Jesus walks with me)
They asked, do you say your prayers at least two a week?
I ain’t talking to God, I know what I’ve been doin’ G
Do you know how I be embarrassed?
My prayers sound like Ben Stiller’s on Meet the Parents
And I ain’t good, what they give us this day
The slaves is trying to give us this free
I’m trying to give us this pay
Man, you know how ‘dem strippers was
We was all ghetto fabulous
All at the rooms in the Sybaris
From this jacuzzi water, can you cleanse us?
Can you please unfog my Cartier lenses?
God sends signs sometimes only in glimpses
For me I almost died, falling asleep in them Benzes
It’s something about this beat that get me tranquilized
And when I play it at my shows I feel sanctified
And He gives me direction when I can’t decide
He is alive
How can you tell me that He ain't when I said
(Jesus walks)
God showed me the way, now the devil can't break me down
(Jesus walks with me)
The only thing that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now
(I want Jesus)
And now I think there is something that I can say now that'll right my wrongs
(Jesus walks with me)
I finally talked to God, I ain't afraid cause His love is so strong

(Jesus walks)
God showed me the way, now the devil can't break me down
(Jesus walks with me)
The only thing that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now
(I want Jesus)

(Jesus walks)
God show me the way, now the devil can't break me down
(Jesus walks with me)
The only thing that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now

Hey, hey
Hey, hey
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy

Uh, Mr. West is in the building, children, ladies
Call the shrink up, they about to go crazy
Hold your drinks up like you was celebratin'
Hold your guns if they is hella hatin'
I'm so clean and them, they got rabies
I can see it through the lens of my Raybe-
Ans, Wayfarers, mmm-hmm
'Ye do you play fair? Mmm-mmm
Grab your remote for the reason they made TiVo
Snap the Nikons at the icon with Nikes on
I heard you like to do it with the lights on
But I really make babies when the mic's on
Check out all my kids, that bought all my cribs
Got me out of that apartment, you have got to pardon him
I am so retarded with a spit like a retarded kid that spits
Oops, I ain't mean to say that ****
I told my homie Chris, these chicks is dangerous
You need a girl that's A-List, not one that just barely made it on a list
'Cause from wall to wall, we got it poppin' right now
It's a hundred girls, tryna get down, down, down







My raps is better than yours
My plaques is better than yours
My tracks is better than yours
You can have one but I have to charge
We can start with the hits on my arm I already got the bomb
Now all I need is my first LP to go gold
Then I will have the qualm uh-uh uh-uh uh-uh
I'm Kon the Louis Vuitton Don
Bought my Mom a purse now she Louis Vuitton Mom
Still might throw on a little low arm they want me to stop go on gon
They don't want me to shop and me spending that hard
Oh my God is that a black card
I turned around and replied why yes
But I prefer the term African American Express
My raps is better than yours
My plaques is better than yours
My tracks is better than yours
You can have one but I have to charge
La La La La La
Off MTV
La La La La La
When you gonna go out with Me
Brains Power and Muscle like Dame Puffy and Russell
Your boy back on his hustle don't know you don't discuss you
Every rapper want to know when they can get to work
Every stylist want to know where they can get the shirts
Everybody ripping my style like the shit that hurts
But they don't give me my credit that's the shit that hurts
There's something I might say There's something I might play
A beat I might made might make they life change
And save they whole deal They wrist is on chill
They house is on hill You could be Lauryn Hill
See y'all write songs to keep the lights on
I'mma go in Def Jam and turn the brights on
Man I'm just sayin
When I wanted to rap y'all thought I was just playin
Now y'all just prayin
My raps is better than yours
My plaques is better than yours
My tracks is better than yours
You can have one but I have to charge

Haha, we in this bitch, yeah
Hahaha
It's Common and Kanye
Y'all niggas know what time it is, motherfuckers
Chi-Town, DJ Pharris
Heavy Hitters what up?
Mike Love What Up?
DJ Enuff
Pharrell! That's my favorite producer by the way
That's why I had to rap on this
'Cause is tracks is better than yours
My tracks is better than yours
Just Blaze tracks is better than yours
You can have one but we all gonna
Charrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrgeaaawwwww
Plain Pat, what up?
Big John, what up?
John Mnop, what up?
Don C What Up?
J.B., what up?
GLC, what up?
Bang, what up? Yeah
Really Doe, what up?
Arrowstar, what up? Yeah!
Oh, and did I mention the new head of my management, Benny Medina?
Yo G, Hop, we taxin these niggas right now
Plain Pat What Up? That's all




For the nigga, they love to hate
But all the bad model girls, they love to date
You need to check my swag and get up to date
Check, check, check my swag and get up to date
Cause when we cut, I'm razor blading
I'm so lazer, I'm so major
I'm so Flava, I'm so Flava
Baby, I should have a clock on
While ya get ya, get ya, get ya pretty girl rock on
For all my girls from Atlanta out to Stockholm
And they looking like "what the hell you got on?"
"What you mean, babygirl? I got homes!"
Different cribs, new whips
And I'm feelin fly, fly like a G6
Fly, my swag hit on ladies unknowingly
Pleased to meet ya, its a pleasure knowing me
Back when I was poor I used to pull em with my poetry
Tick that yes or no for me, I guarantee she go with me
But the only thing I need to know right now's
What a pretty girl like you doing in this part of town
With a city girl swag and a country girl smile
I mean, you demoralizing bitches with your style
Wow, well how about now?
My jewelry so loud, my girls so wow
I mean, I mean swag so loud
I guess thats the reason all the concerts sell out



Sex, sex tell me
Sex, sex tell me
Oh my god, you're so hot
Pull my hair, let me get on top
Oh my god, soaking wet
Back and forth till we break the bed
When you read my mind, get down and discover me
I'm an open door, let you come inside of me
Want to put my hands around your neck
Gonna take you to a place that you will not forget
Sex, what you know about sex?
Tell me what you know about sex
Sex, what you know about sex?
Oh my god, you're so hot
Pull my hair, let me get on top
Oh my god, soaking wet
Back and forth till we break the bed
You got a bad attitude, I like to grind it on you
And when I let you put it on me
You better give me what I want, baby
Oh my god, let me clean your wound
I can be your nurse, got the antidote
Please show me where it hurts
Can you be my father? Tell me what to do
You can punish me and maybe I will punish you
Sex, what you know about sex?
Tell me what you know about sex
Sex, what you know about sex?
Oh my god, you're so hot
Pull my hair, let me get on top
Oh my god, soaking wet
Back and forth till we break the bed
You got a bad attitude, I like to grind it on you
And when I let you put it on me
You better give me what I want, baby
Oh my
A lesson in sexology
Twisted rope, handcuffs
Blindfolds, stringer pearls
Neckties, silk scarf
Silver chains, pretty girls
Thigh-highs, leather mask
High heels, golden mask
Perfume, switchblade
Absinthe, novocaine
Chopsticks, underwear
Bar of soap, dental chair
Fishnets, satin sheets
Garter belt, raw meat
Candlelight, keyhole
Leather belt, meat stove
Golden shower, latex thong
Licorice whip, strap it on
Oh my god, you're so hot
Pull my hair, let me get on top
Oh my god, soaking wet
Back and forth till we break the bed
You got a bad attitude, I like to grind it on you
And when I let you put it on me
You better give me what I want, baby
Sex

Eighteen years, eighteen years
She got one of your kids, got you for eighteen years
I know a nigga payin' child support for one of his kids
His baby mama car and crib is bigger than his
You will see him on TV any given Sunday
Win the Super Bowl and drive off in a Hyundai
She was supposed to buy your shorty Tyco with your money
She went to the doctor, got lipo with your money
She walkin' around lookin' like Michael with your money
Should've got that insured, Geico for your money
If you ain't no punk
Holla, "We want prenup! We want prenup!" (Yeah!)
It's somethin' that you need to have
‘Cause when she leave yo' ass, she gon' leave with half
Eighteen years, eighteen years
She got one of your kids, got you for eighteen years
And on the 18th birthday he found out it wasn't his!
Maaan! he killed that bitch, they gave him 25 years, 25 years
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah..
Father
This prayer is for everyone that feels they're not good enough
This prayer's for everybody that feels they're too messed up
For everyone that feels they've said "I'm sorry" too many times
Let them know that's why you took the nail
So we could have eternal life
If all God's children would get down on their knees and pray
And give up all of those things that pull our hearts away
You will forgive all of our wrong and make us brand new again
But I won't make it, God, if you let go of my hand
That's why we need more (Faith!)
Yes, I'm searching for you, I'm looking for (More!)
Yes I am, in Your arms is where I feel (Safe!)
They're killing our babies in the streets, I call out for (War!)
I need just a little bit more of some (Faith!)
Just a mustard seed, I'm looking for You for (More!)
Prayer for our homes and our families
We just wanna be (Safe!)
Can't you hear the trumpet sound, I think I hear (War!)




Double the ahh, it's all on your ass, ball on your ass
I ain't gon' be here all night on your ass
I was up grinding, I was all on your ass
Double the cahh, double the bih'
I got 'em up and then y'all in a grit
I bet what's happening, y'all in the dih
I was up buh and all of the dick
Ain't big this big, my favorite shit
She grabbin' my, you savin' this dick?
Crankin' it bit, then hangin' it bit, duh-buh-buh you hangin' in it?
Came in this bit' but it's say-bih-dih-bih
*gibberish* been taking this dick and then taking this shit
*gibberish* belt
*gibberish* everything I felt
Instagram and shit, dry snitchin' on theyself
Duh-nuh-muh-nuh how you ever felt and I know that
Insta love
Again oh-no-no-no it reminds me of
And I'll prolly be the last to know (Whoa)
'Cause I don't look at the internet no more
Instant love
Nah-nah-nah, nah-nah-nah it reminds me of
And, be the last to know (Whoa)
'Cause I don't look at the internet no more
Ooh, I know
Ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh


Yeah, 9th Wonder on the beat
I can't front man, you got some hot beats
It's your boy Kanye To The
Got Consequence in here (I see now), Little Brother (I see now)
Yeah, I want y'all to listen
Question
Now how the hell I end up arguing with this bitch? (aww)
Know everything, but don't know shit (aww)
Kinda reminiscent of Anna Nicole Smith (aww)
I just turn my music up like 'Damn that's some cold shit' (aww)
I mighta known her 'bout a couple of months
Since then she gained a couple of chunks
She went from being a strobe light
To that old lady on Boomerang
Lady Eloise I need no lights
And I swear she a riot folks
How she order all that food and a motherfucking Diet Coke?
He said 'You lying yo, why is you lying yo?'
Cut it out, quit it G, you hurting my kid-i-neys
Naw, she talking bout a couple of kids for me (aww)
She's hinting at a ring from Tiffany's
Right then and there I had an epiphany
I swear since that day I've been treating fat hoes differently
Aww, I see now
You was hurt and you on the rebound (aww)
Ben & Jerry's and Mickey D's now
And you just gone gain all that weight on me now (naw)
Naw (naw), fall back
If I ain't a player then what the hell you call that?
A nigga disrespect me I'mma be in all black
But baby if you let me I'mma take it all back

Aww, I see now
You was hurt and you on the rebound (aww)
Ben & Jerry's and Mickey D's now
And you just gone gain all that weight on me now (naw)
Naw (naw), fall back
If I ain't a player then what the hell you call that?
A nigga disrespect me I'mma be in all black
But baby if you let me I'mma take it all back

Aww, I see now
You was hurt and you on the rebound (aww)
Ben & Jerry's and Mickey D's now
And you just gone gain all that weight on me now (naw)
Naw (naw), fall back
If I ain't a player then what the hell you call that?
A nigga disrespect me I'mma be in all black
But baby if you let me I'mma take it all back
All back, yo I swear I'mma take this truck back man
I mean I got the new G5, whatever
That shit be in shop every two weeks
I told 'em, I told 'em if y'all don't take this back
And give me all my money back and trade me in for the CL
I'm gonna put it on this Little Brother song in two weeks and
And they ain't believe me but
Now I'mma let y'all know don't go out and buy the G5
I swear like it's a bad look for the girls
Really they get in the car
And they always wanna look over and be like
'Aw nigga, your check engine light on, it's on'
I'm like 'Your top on
So we got two things we tryna get off right here'
They don't like that
I take it back, I take it back, I just say it to get you mad
I take it back, I could prove, I could prove something to you
Yo, yo I been in North Carolina for two days
Where's the hoes at my nig'?



Fall back in the pussy like swoosh, swoosh, woosh
Ballin' money woos, woos, woos
Y'all niggas got jokes, hot jokes Bruce, Bruce, Bruce
Dog, I'm about to get loose, loose, loose
All night tryna dutty wine
Woke up my dick crooked as the Nike sign
Pop's when you had me on

She used to get dick from Kanye West
So if you ever see her give her Kanye's best
Her man in the store tryna try his best
But he just can't seem to get Kanye fresh
And I just can't seem to get that nigga broke
And I don't know how you get that nigga jokes but
And if you ever don't than get at me, at me
We be ballin' like the athletes
The shoes you were wearing were so last week




Why would she make calls out the blue
Now I'm awake, sleep (less in June) or (missing you)
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Don't say you will, unless you will
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Don't say you will, then play you will, I pray you will
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Don't say you will, you do
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Don't say you will, one day you will, I pray you will
When I grab your neck, I touch your soul
Take off your cool, then lose control
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Don't say you will, you will, you will
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Don't say you will, if you will, I pray you will
I wish this song would really come true
I wish this song would really come true
I wish this song, this song could play and could come true
I wish this song, "Say You Will," would come true
I wish this song
I admit I still fantasize about you, about you
I admit I, don't say, I admit I, don't say I admit I
Hey, hey, hey, hey
I admit I, I admit I
Don't say you will, you will, you will
Say you will, say you will
Don't say I, don't say I
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Please say you will, for real, I pray you will

Like the mindblower, watchin' what we don't want
Whole family here, but it feel like a movie
Feel like a movie, yeah, it feel like a movie
Whole family here, but it feelin' like a-
We so living so Italian (What?), living so Italian (What?)
Living so Italian (What?), I said living so Italian (What?)
Living so Italian (Nah), living so Italian (What?)
Living so Italian, I said living so Italian

Like the mindblower, watchin' what we don't want
Whole family here, but it feel like a movie
Feel like a movie, yeah, it feel like a movie
Whole family here, but it feelin' like a-
We so living so Italian (What?), living so Italian (What?)
Living so Italian (What?), I said living so Italian (What?)
Living so Italian (Nah), living so Italian (What?)
Living so Italian, I said living so Italian
So we did it again
Knowing we should quit it, but we simply won't admit it again
Oh it feels good, it's so good, but I won't do it again
It's so dramatic again
After we go at it, we get mad then we go at it again
Oh I love it, then I hate it, she's my favorite
Again I'm wasting time
I can't help it she's so fine
Oh I like her style
And I love the way she talks and I smile
As much as we may try
Can't quite see eye to eye
So in the meantime, I guess we say bye-bye
(And again and again and again)
Oh, and then, we do it again
We do it again and we do it again
Oh, and then, we do it again
We want it again, and we want it again
So we fake it again
I think we're gonna blow it, and we know it
But she's naked again
We get wasted, then I taste it, then I waste it again
I can't invite her again
Cause she'll go from a lover to a fighter
And I'll fight her again
So it's over, but I told her to come over
Again I'm wasting time
But she's always on my mind
I can't let her go
Oh, she's not the best, but she's all that I know
As much as we may try
Can't quite see eye to eye
So in the meantime I guess we say bye-bye
(And again and again and again)
Oh, and then, we do it again
We do it again and we do it again
Oh, and then, we do it again
We want it again, and we want it again
So I've got a new friend
I wish I could forget you
But I miss you, wanna kiss you again
She's like you, but she's not you, gotta find you again
So we remember again
The middle of December and I took you out to dinner again
Oh I love her, it's not over, just another again
(And again and again and again)
Oh, it's another again-
I love her, it's another again...









Cause I'll pull down a cloud for you
I'll circle the stars and bring you one back
I'll walk through the sun for you
Cause there's somethin' you do
That got me walkin' on the moon
There's something you do
That got me walkin' on the moon
And I know that it's true
Baby you got me walkin' on the moon

Cause I'll pull down a cloud for you
I'll circle the stars and bring you one back
I'll walk through the sun for you
Cause there's somethin' you do
That got me walkin' on the moon
There's something you do
That got me walkin' on the moon
And I know that it's true
Baby you got me walkin' on the moon

Aye aye Dream I'm too good at this
Uhh, uhh, uhh, I can't contain it
No, no, no I can't restrain it
There's a lot of stars in here ain't it?
But you shine so much they don't seem famous
Where'd you come from on this lonely night?
I swear God must have made lightning strike
And I bottled it up
You hit the red carpet and modeled it up
We hopped in the 'rari and throttled it up
Now everybody clappin', they bravoed it up
All just because it's more than a buzz
More than a drink, but I took a few sips
And let it do what it does
Now drunk textin'
Like its all about you
Like I can't spend another minute without you
You know the drinks let you say things you ain't allowed to
Things that you fear, but you're way to proud to
Say out loud
Cause niggas gonna clown you
Put your Blackberry down
People is around you
I'll put my mack berry down
I ain't tryin to hound you
Just tryin' to take you where the stars gonna surround you
And Uhmm, maybe ice down you
And Uhmm, maybe white gown you
And Uhmm, maybe we should talk about all this after I pound you
Ha, you know I'm just playin' with you
I know a lot of people mad cause they ain't with you
Wait is it because we on the moon
Tell 'em to save the hate we'll be home soon
There's something you do
That got me walkin on the moon
Uhh, and I know that its true
Baby, you got me walkin on the moon
Everyone out there will know that you are my girl






For my theme song (Black)
My leather black jeans on (Yea-ah)
My by-any-means on
Pardon, I'm gettin' my scream on (Ooh-ah)
Enter the kingdom (Black)
But watch who you bring home
They see a black man with a white woman
At the top floor they gon' come to kill King Kong (Skrrrt)
(Straight up)
Middle America packed in
Came to see me in my black skin (Yea-ah)
Number one question they're askin'
Fuck every question you askin' (Straight up, yeah)
If I don't get ran out by Catholics
Here come some conservative Baptists
Claiming I'm overreactin'
Like them black kids in Chiraq, bitch

(Now)
But there's nowhere to go (Now)
And there's no way to slow (Down)
If I knew what I knew in the past
I would've been blacked out on your ass

Four in the mornin', and I'm zonin'
Everybody wants to rule the world
They say I'm possessed, it's an omen
I keep it 300, like the Romans
The world, the world, the world
300 bitches, where the Trojans?
Baby, we livin' in the moment
The world, the world, the world
I've been a menace for the longest
But I ain't finished, I'm devoted
And you know it, and you know it
(Ohh-oh-oh-oh)
Stop all that coon shit
Early morning cartoon shit
This is that goon shit
Fuck up your whole afternoon shit
I'm aware I'm a wolf
Soon as the moon hit
I'm aware I'm a king
Back out the tomb, bitch (Yea-ah)
Black out the room, bitch
Stop all that coon shit
These niggas ain't doin' shit
Them niggas ain't doin' shit
Come on homie what happened
You niggas ain't breathin', you gaspin'
These niggas ain't ready for action-action
Ready-ready for action
Four in the mornin', and I'm zonin'
I think I'm possessed, it's an omen
I keep it 300, like the Romans
300 bitches, where the Trojans?
Baby, we livin' in the moment
I've been a menace for the longest
But I ain't finished, I'm devoted
And you know it, and you know it
So follow me up 'cause this shit 'bout to go (Down)
I'm doin' 500, I'm outta control (Now)
But there's nowhere to go (Now)
And there's no way to slow (Down)
If I knew what I knew in the past (The world, the wor-)
I would've been blacked out on your ass
God
God (Straight up)
God
God (Yea-ah)
God (Do it, do it, do it, yea-ah, uh)
God (Yea-ah)
God (Yea-ah, uh)
God
God (Do it, do it, do it)
God
God
























Uh, here's an impromptu, I want you
I'm goin' to tell you what I want to - do to you
Your girlfriend, she wants to - beautiful
Just flew in from Paris - voulez-vous?
In the city that don't snooze
Smooze amongst the Who's Who's
And I use my celeb to get this one home
Why everything that feel so good gotta be so wrong?
Gimme room now, I'm like a vampire on the full moon now
And I don't know about you now
But I think I wanna try sumthin' new now
See what it do now
And when you sat down
Uh, 'cause you was losing yo' breath now
Uh, 'cause you be doing it to def now
She be doin E to F now, what's left now?
Mr. West now, can you get any more fresh now?
I think I just did, just now
Talkin' my shit, that's how
I'm a professio-nal, I admit that
Flashing Lights show, I live that
Fame is a drug, wanna hit that?
'Cause they know exactly where to get that - did you get that?
(Get down, beep beep, gotta get up offa yo' seat
Get down, beep beep, gotta get up offa yo' seat now)
On and on...
The beat goes, on and on...
('Cause they know exactly where to get that - did you get that?)
Let's go
Get down, beep beep, gotta get up outta yo' seat (The beat goes..)
Get down, beep beep, gotta get up outta yo' seat (The beat goes..)


Woo Woo Woo Woo Woo Woo Woo wu-woo
Woo Woo Woo Woo Woo Woo (Cha-ching) Woo Wu-woo
Woo Woo Woo Woo Woo Woo Woo wu-woo
Woo Woo Woo Woo Woo Woo (Cha-ching) Woo Wu-woo
(Well) Woo Woo Woo Woo Woo Woo (Wrarrr) Woo wu-woo
Woo Woo Woo Woo Woo Woo (Cha-ching) Woo Wu-woo
Woo Woo Woo Woo Woo Woo (Wrarrr) Woo wu-woo
Woo Woo Woo Woo Woo Woo (Cha-ching) Woo Wu-woo
Nah Nah-nah-nah nah-nah-nah nah-nah-nah nah-nah
Nah Nah-nah-nah nah-nah-nah nah-nah-nah nah-nah
Nah Nah-nah-nah nah-nah-nah nah-nah-nah nah-nah
Nah Nah-nah-nah nah-nah-nah nah-nah-nah nah-nah
Okay
Duh Duh Duh Du-duh Duh Duh Duh Du-duh
Duh Duh Duh Du-duh Duh Duh Duh Du-duh
Duh Duh Duh Du-duh Duh Duh Duh Du-duh
Duh Duh Duh Du-duh Duh Duh Duh Du-duh
Duh Duh Duh Du-duh Duh Duh Duh Du-duh
Duh Duh Duh Du-duh Duh Duh Duh Du-duh
Duh Duh Duh Du-duh Duh Duh Duh Du-duh
Duh Duh Duh Du-duh Duh Duh Duh
Okay Lamborghini Mercy
Your chick, she so thirsty
I'm in that two-seat Lambo with your girl
She tryna jerk me
Okay Lamborghini Mercy
Your chick, she so thirsty
I'm in that two-seat Lambo with your girl
She tryna jerk me
Okay Lamborghini Mercy
Your chick, she so thirsty
I'm in that two-seat Lambo with your girl
She tryna jerk me
Okay Lamborghini Mercy
Your chick, she so thirsty
I'm in that two-seat Lambo with your girl
She tryna jerk me
Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Wu-waaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Wu-waaaaaaaaaaaa Wu-waaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Wu-waaaaaaaaaaaa Wu-waaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Wuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
It is a weeping, and a moaning, and a gnashing of teeth
It is a weeping, and a moaning, and a gnashing of teeth
When it comes to my sound which is the champion sound
Okay
Woo Woo Woo Woo Woo Woo (Wrarrr)Woo wu-woo
Woo Woo Woo Woo Woo Woo (Cha-ching) Woo Wu-woo
Woo Woo Woo Woo Woo Woo (Wrarrr)Woo wu-woo
Woo Woo Woo Woo Woo Woo (Cha-ching) Woo Wu-woo
(Well) Woo Woo Woo Woo Woo Woo (Wrarrr) Woo wu-woo
Woo Woo Woo Woo Woo Woo (Cha-ching) Woo Wu-woo
Woo Woo Woo Woo Woo Woo (Wrarrr) Woo wu-woo
Woo Woo Woo Woo Woo Woo (Cha-ching) Woo Wu-woo
Nah Nah-nah-nah nah-nah-nah nah-nah-nah nah-nah
Nah Nah-nah-nah nah-nah-nah nah-nah-nah nah-nah
Nah Nah-nah-nah nah-nah-nah nah-nah-nah nah-nah
Nah Nah-nah-nah nah-nah-nah nah-nah-nah nah-nah
Okay
Duh Duh Duh Du-duh Duh Duh Duh Du-duh
Duh Duh Duh Du-duh Duh Duh Duh Du-duh
Duh Duh Duh Du-duh Duh Duh Duh Du-duh
Duh Duh Duh Du-duh Duh Duh Duh Du-duh
Duh Duh Duh Du-duh Duh Duh Duh Du-duh
Duh Duh Duh Du-duh Duh Duh Duh Du-duh
Duh Duh Duh Du-duh Duh Duh Duh Du-duh
Duh Duh Duh Du-duh Duh Duh Duh
It is a weeping, and a moaning, and a gnashing of teeth
It is a weeping, and a moaning, and a gnashing of teeth
When it comes to my sound which is the champion sound
I need to know, you down to do whatever?
Down to get it poppin'? Down to get topless? Ohh
I need to know if you about cuttin'
Or you about frontin', baby, I need to know
I spent my last eight checks-s-s on a neck-e-lace
So I better get some sex for this, shit
She wanna sip up on the Crissy Cris
Like it's Christ-e-mas and I'm St. Nicholas
I got her and her sister in that white Benz, dyke twins
I ain't gon' lie, they only fives but together they ten
And would I do 'em again? Hmmm, hmmm
It's like old folks pissin' 'cause it all depends
And it's no coke sniffin', just juice and gin
Grey Goose to get you loose then hit the nigga producin'
The track that got you movin', this track got you movin'
So crazy you don't know what you doin'
You been telling them jokes, and it's not a rumor
I like a girl with a sense of humor
To give me head 'til it ache and it's not a tumor
So let me know what's goin down 'fore I pay for this room 'cause
I need to know, you down to do whatever?
Down to get it poppin'? Down to get topless? Ohh
I need to know if you about cuttin'
Or you about frontin', baby, I need to know
Now if you got it, you got it
And if you don't then you probably won't
Sissy nigga call 'em maricon
I never hit a lady but my game might abuse 'em
Buy 'em boots just to tell 'em that I Jimmy Choose 'em
Take 'em back to confuse 'em
So she don't know if she comin' or goin'
'Cause mami, after I'm cummin', I'm goin'
Back to the show, just frontin' and flowin'
Jewelry stuntin' and glowin', this life is somethin', I know it
And I been known to have a ho or two
'Cause my diamonds yellow like a smoker tooth
I tell 'em step into the vocal booth
Roll a joint, smoke a few, after that I'm pokin' you
After that, it's over, boo, baby, grab your coat and voom
I need to know, you down to do whatever?
Down to get it poppin'? Down to get topless? Ohh
I need to know if you about cuttin'
Or you about frontin', baby, I need to know
Now there's three different levels to relationships
Pollyin' at the club with 'em, talkin', gettin' affectionate
Leavin' and havin' sex with 'em, kickin' 'em out
Trickin' on models, dimes and rats
Now I don't get into that, I kick that habit
I just keep 'em impressed, let 'em seat in the Lex
Never eat 'em unless that fuckin' cat looks fresh
I got a lion in my pocket, I'm lyin'
I got a nine in my pants and baby, I'm just dyin' for a chance
Who ready to fuck? You ready to fuck off the sizzurp?
Says she ready to cut, then she grabs my scissors
She probably look good, but what's scary to me
Henny make hoes look like Halle Berry to me
I need to know, you down to do whatever?
Down to get it poppin'? Down to get topless? Ohh
I need to know if you about cuttin'
Or you about frontin', baby, I need to know
Whooooooooooo
Damn, that girl fine, that girl fine, that girl fine
Yo, yo, Kanye, yo turn it up, a little bit, whoo
Take notes while I take tokes to the marijuana smoke
One look and murder she wrote
She drop dead gorgeous, she drop dead..
Yo, this is a Roc-a-Fella, St. Lunatics collaboration
Chi-Town and St. Louis
She said she ain't never seen Murphy Lee befo'

What's the point of havin' a girl that's drop dead
That you know don't like you?
She'll run over your head with a motorcycle
I mean the way you look is nice, but there's more to life boo
Cuz I could go to videos and get fo' just like you
I talked to your ex-boyfriend and took a census
But you don't read the cookbook, you just look at the pictures
Matter of fact, when's the last time you looked at the kitchen?
This is gettin' ridiculous, how you gettin' defensive?
Jimmy Choo, Frankie B., bitch you gettin' expensive
I know you fuckin' around, my sixth sense told me
That ain't no male friend that bought you the stereo
She said "He gay anyway, you don't know nothin' about Jamario"









I know it, I know that they're up to something
I know, I know it, that they're up to something

The best way that you know, the best way that you know
The best way that you know how (Brother!)
Protect her the best way that you know
The best way that you know, he best way that you know how



Every time (Every time) (Ooh-ooh)
Every time (Every time)
And the stars will align (Every time)
You ain't lying (Ooh-ooh-ooh)
You gon' take me to the light (Every time)
Every time
Every time

And you still take me to the light
Every time (Ooh-ooh-ooh)
You still take me to the light
Every time
And the stars will align (Every time)
You ain't lying (You ain't lying)
You ain't lying
You ain't lying
You gon' take me to the light (Every time) (Time)
Every time
Every time
Every time

And you still take me to the light
Every time (Ooh-ooh-ooh)
You still take me to the light
Every time
And the stars will align (Every time)
You ain't lying (You ain't lying)
You ain't lying
You ain't lying
You gon' take me to the light (Every time) (Time)
Every time (Take me)
Every time (Take me)
Time

And you still take me to the light
Every time (Ooh-ooh-ooh)
You still take me to the light
Every time
And the stars will align (Every time)
You ain't lying (You ain't lying)
You ain't lying
You ain't lying
You gon' take me to the light (Every time) (Time)
Every time
Every time
Every time
This is fun
Ladies and gentlemen let's put our hands together for the astonishing
Welcome ladies and gentlemen to the 8th wonder of the world
The flow of the century.. always timeless.. HOV'!
(That's a hustle!)
Thank you for comin out tonight
You coulda been anywhere in the world, but you're here with us
We appreciate that



H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
LP, Jay-Z, help me up
Oh they havin good old time out there
It starts with
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
LP, Jay-Z, help me up
Oh they havin good old time out there
It starts with
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
LP, Jay-Z, help me up
Ye-Ye-Yes!
The ladies and gentleman
It starts with
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A



You messin up my mo', my whole mood, told you, oh
Lose, eat crews like crews like soul food
The only producer that feel like "fuck rappers!"
Only backpacker with a chip like hackers
Only Michael Richardson, only much blacker
So if he say nigga, then I'ma say...
Is this a Ritz? Carlton? Dress like, fresh, like
Just like, I'm the shit
Uh, you ain't figured out what I'm about yet
Always rockin that "this ain't out yet," but this ain't 'bout that
From a city where niggas plug like outlets
Far as music go, yo, it ain't no outlets, so, when I go out
Niggas always out to get me in the studio
And I ain't in the mood to flow, I'm with my girl
And I'm tryin to hit the movies yo, and they tryna act stupid, oh!
In the club with Silicone Suzie
What happened to real girls like Rudy?
With real titties like Tootie
This girl got a silicon booty!
And got the nerve to act moody!
Now I ain't tryin to judge like Judy
But bitch you a man, you can't fool me!
Act like 50, throw her in a pool, G!





Our love's an asylum
Where you and I go
Our love's an asylum
Where we go, go, go, go crazy
In a state of madness
Wrapped up in your magic
Ecstatic, an addict
Oh we've landed
On another planet
And it feels like home here
We'll never go back there
Cause we're crazy
I'll go crazy with you
You're so crazy
I'll go crazy with you
Our love's an asylum
Where you and I go
Our love's an asylum
Where we go, go, go, go crazy
Our love's an asylum
Where you and I go
Our love's an asylum
Where we go, go, go, go crazy
Can't nobody save me
I'll go down with you, baby
I'll take you, you'll take me
Crazy - I'll do crazy with you
Let's go crazy, I'll go crazy with you
Our love's an asylum
Where you and I go
Our love's an asylum
Where we go, go, go, go crazy
Hello, you there?
Yeah, I'm here
You breaking up, I can barely hear you
Nah, you clear
You cool? you mad?
You talk? bad
You up? You been good?
Nah I been bad
What you mean, you been bad?
Baby girl you know I got bad nerves
Got me cursing with the kids in the car
"Mommy, daddy using bad words!"
No more tripping while you at work
No more texting while I'm at church
No more switching up the password
That's the shit that can get your ass hurt





Folks all up in our business
Yeezy Season, I'm trending
I bet you they respect the name now
So are we done or we finished?
Cause no matter what anybody say
We been through shit you can't make up
And at the end of the night bae
We'll be back in bed like we famous



It's real, all dreams real
My boy text me, he told me, "Dream big"




Yeah, 'Ye cold
But that Trump hat forced me to feel like I like J. Cole, damn
My own city turned they back on me
They thought I told Push about Drake's son, goddamn
Like I ain't want them to run, goddamn
I guess they fall and they dumb, goddamn
I don't care about his son, goddamn
I just rap about me, goddamn
Niggas can't resist publicity for free, goddamn
Always wantin' somethin' like it isn't me, goddamn
Everytime, I rap it, this ain't charity, goddamn
Energy that never die, energy that stay alive
Energy, the synastry I'm finna see a synesthesia
I could see ya, color feel ya
Bona feature, extra features
I'm allegiant, all the deats, all the features
And the teachers and the preachers
They could reach us on the feature
All the leaches, all my features
I was just in the bleachers
Jump the bleachers, I'm a thesis
That's my thesis, Holy Jesus
Um
All dreams, real (Real)
All dreams, real (Real)
"Gotta let 'Ye be 'Ye"
Let me? Psh-psh-nigga?
Yeah, you wanna be loved, yeah
Oh, come on, come on, come on, come on
You wanna be loved, yeah
Listen
Everywhere I go, everywhere I’ll be
I see lonely hearts and falling leaves
Where do those hearts go, do they find their match
Or do they drift away, it’s time to bring them back
They wanna be loved, they wanna be loved
Come on, it’s simple enough
They wanna be loved, yeah
They wanna be loved, they wanna be loved
A little piece to the heart
They wanna be loved
But everybody knows it don’t always last
But if I can’t have it for long, then I want it fast
Better love for now, then for never old
So baby, if you’re down, give me a call!
I wanna be loved, I wanna be loved
Come on, it’s simple enough
I wanna be loved, yeah
Alright, c'mon
I wanna be loved, I wanna be loved
A little piece to the heart
I wanna be loved
Yeah
La la la la
Yeah, don’t you wanna be loved
Yeah, sing for love, yeah!
Yeah, don’t you wanna be loved?
You wanna be loved, you wanna be loved
Come on, it’s simple enough
You wanna be loved, yeah
Alright
You wanna be loved, you wanna be loved
A little piece to the heart
You wanna be loved, oh yeah!
Ohh, don't act like you care about me
Ohh, don’t act like you care about me (Care about me)
Ohh, don't act like you care about me (Care about me)
Don't act like you care about me, don’t act like you care about me
Saved by the bell
Fuck it, you only live once (Woo)
Done with all the stuntin' down the pipeline (You)
'Cept for a nigga like me (Ugh)
I done lived at least eight lifetimes (You)
Bitch, you got too much jokes (You lose)
Aha, everything you say funny
Talkin' 'bout, "Aha, ha, ha", bitch, that shit ain't funny (You)
I'm a little jealous, but I always trust my gut (Woo)
I'm a little jealous, but I always trust my gut (Uhh)
I can- I can calculate the shit (You)
Let me lead this bitch, let me lead this bitch
This bitch laughin’ at this nigga joke
Ah, yeah, I’ma see this bitch (Woo)
Let me fuck you from the back, though
Let me fuck you while I'm married, though (Agh)
On God, fuck a stripper bitch like Amber Rose
Bitch ain’t never stick it in the back door (Perfect)
Ridin' with this nigga, all on, all on-on that nigga dick
Oh shit, God damn work
Bitch, shut the fuck up 'fore we get home, bitch, ahh (Win)
You gon' believe this bitch now? (You win)

I'm so glad, I'm so glad
I'm so high, uh, I'm so high
They so mad, uh, I'm so high
Ohh, don't act like you care about me
Ohh, don't act like you care about me (Care about me)
Ohh

Ohh, don't act like you care about me
Ohh, don't act like you care about me (Care about me)
Ohh
Nam Myoho Renge Kyo...








Everything I do that's not perfect
Only makes it that, that, that much more perfect
Only makes it that, that, that, that much more worth it
Only, only only, only every time when I short-circuit
Everything I do that's not perfect
Only makes it that much, much, much more perfect
Much more perfect, I need it all
I want it all, I need it all, go through it all, climb every wall
Take every fall, break every law, I need it all, I need it all
Go through every wall, take every fall, break every law
Yeah, I want it all, I want it all, I want it all
And I will have it all, and I will have it all, and I will have it all
They ain't laughin' at me, no, no, I laugh at y'all
Nah, I laugh at y'all, no, no, I laugh at y'all
Think you're laughin' at me, no, no, I laugh at y'all
Cause I want it, I want it, I want everything
I want it, everything, I want it all, I want it all, yeah, I want it all
I want it all, all the shit they talk, all the shit they write
All the shit they write, oh, I love it, all the shit they talk
All the shit they write, all that shit to say, you know I love it
Oh, I want it all, I need it all, I need it all
Give it to me right now, I want it all
I'll take it all, take every fall, break every law
Go through every wall, I don't give a fuck, I need it all





























Raised by game where niggas ain't phased by fame
Come to the crib, get banged, they take your chain
Stay in your lane, Brokeback ain't the way of the game
My brainstorm is like I stay in the rain
My favorite was Kane, now I'm dope with weight in the game
You was hot but can't stay in the flame
Ghetto pain and windows crack, the fist is like a symbol for black
Can tell the real by how the real interact
In the middle of whack my soul sticks to a track
Kickback records get kicked to the back
I want big cribs and my man Ronnie to get his
Child in a good school and know what her gift is
It's global warming, the world is shifting
Watching Sweet Sixteen, Bitchin-ass rich kids
Who don't know in life you gotta go the distance
Whether yoga or doja, we all get lifted in the Game

I never kissed the ass of the masses, I'm the black molasses
Thick and I lasted past these rat bastards
They try to box me in like Cassius Clay
Hey I'm like Muhammad when he fasted
Opposing the fascist, make cuts and got gashes
Scratches over third eyelashes
Punchlines are like jab hits to rappers
Whose careers now ashes it's too many slashes
In his name, came in the game these gun-clappers
From weak lines to clothing lines to an actress
I seen 'em dashing smash hits
I yell run nigga run while I cook up classics
The weak hearted, become Babylon puppets
Making it hard for real hustlas
Touch the sky now and then, with a lady friend
Give thanks to the most that's how the day begins in the game

I just wanna be like Akeelah, an achiever
From the streets of the Chi where some get high for leisure
Selling weed out of cleaners
From rocks to barber shops and beemers
Chicks with blond weaves and strong legs like Serena
The demeanor of the Ghetto, to never stay settled
Aldermen and corrupt men play Pharaoh
GOOD bring business to the hood like Harolds
Five year olds walking by them self in the street
The young die of cancer, I stop eating meat
Greet the gods on 87th St. like peace
Even though it's war to G, got 'em facing the east
The game ain't tasting as sweet
Cats flow is still, and they complacent with beats
My radio station is deep, so eff 'em
Progression, counting paper and blessings in the game


That's just the waves
Waves don't die
Ay Ay Ay
Waves don't die
Ay Ay Ay


Bitch I'm Mack Maine
And this Young Money
Lil brotha get 'em



Now y'all gon' stop talking that shit that you talking
Your broke-ass mamma couldn't afford that abortion
Now tell me how the hell she gon' afford that coffin
Now I done sat back and seen it all too often
The backbone of this like Marino to the Dolphins
Most hits out the Chi since Sosa and Andre Dawson
My niggas had Pro Tools, I had no tools
Karaoke machine, fuck it I'm old school
Only difference is my tracks drove niggas postal
So I drove costal while they stay local
How I can't rhyme when my freestyles'll roast you
Sit down I'll coach you while we style in posters, dog
Niggas had a chance to sign me, dropped the ball
I'll see you at the awards
Now after all that it took, I made it to The Roc
I guess I ain't as dumb as you look

Now I showed you how to do this, dog
Put a few beats on the tape, I saved this one for myself
I heard you niggas' tapes, need a little bit of help
But I'm rapping and I can't do nothing for you man
Ask G and Hop this, 40 grand if you ain't fam
I mean, if you ain't Hov, if you ain't Cam
Damn I know you say he's killing hisself
He got a little bitty deal now he feeling hisself
Yup just cause I played beats and act hospitable
Don't mean I can't get you changed to hospital you
I'm from a raw family, dog, and I'll spit on you
So play like a kid in the garden and get little you
Who your hype man? I'm curious
It got you souped up like the cars on The Fast & Furious
Here go a new movie for you critics called "Who's Laughing?"
The first producer that rap better than the rappers


It's like 2 o'clock in the studio
Backed up on the leaks, man, my shit crasp
But I'm back at you niggas though, you know?
I guess this fifty five thousand
So we gon' do it like this
Uh, Hussle, nigga
One take too
Look, uh
Mac 11 on my dresser drawer
Model bitches like, “Nipsey, what’s the weapon for?"
Niggas tryna take, I give 'em nothin' less than war
So what’s understood there is no explanation for
Put the box in concrete, then put the safe in floor
Extra thick carpet, that's what we laid it for
Young niggas gettin' money's what I make it for
Play this out your Range Rover and Mercedes door
Uh
I graduated from havin' haters
Now I see it all as fake love, so don’t congratulate us
And thank god for my imagination
I seen the vision, I’m in it, and now I’m after greatness
I know that God got me so I practice patience
Most the time I look inside and find the answers waitin'
Been tryna change my life but it’s aggravating
Making the same mistakes twice, I'm shackled to Satan
So Let's make a toast to the real niggas
Self-made success, know how it feel, nigga
Uh, now raise your glass to the real women
You know the one who man in jail but she still with him
Out here on her own but she deal with it
So I'm gon' tip my S-dome 'cause I'm feeling ya
I represent that any means necessary
Chopper in the window pane, lifestyle legendary
Been treated a lot of ways, it was never fairly
So we gon' shoot before we march like February
And they don't like when I rap like that
They rather I talk about the crime that's always black on black
And say, "Neighborhood of sixty Crip," in every rap
So they can play my tape in court and try to lock me up for that
But I'm cool
Tell them judges, "Look, I'm never goin' back"
It's a marathon, nigga, run a lap
Uh
Fifty six thousand
All Money In, in
All Money In, in
No motherfuckin' money out, nigga
Alright, that's it, they good

Yeah. How I sound out there Ali? Good? Then good
Can I pay my past a visit?
Centennial Compton School District
And video campus shut the fuck up your premises
King Drew and Westchester had the baddest bitches
And my nigga L Wood had a white Toyota, and we got pulled over
Had to hide the bottle because there was mix with Hennessy and soda
Every time we rode up we was unsober
And everybody had know that
My nigga Yan Yan had all the red P Hat
Which was really dumb because where we was at
Was the other side and more than likely
The other side really didn't like that
Didn't have no burner so if they shot us we could never really shoot back
Could of lost our life over hood rats
We was dumb as fuck but lucky for us we was lucky enough
That the black car didn't pull up and ask where yall niggas from
I know some, nigga less fortunate was fucking with the enemies' bitch
She had a fat ass and a brown Camaro but it wasn't that fast it was like a V6
But anyways she was one of those hoes in highschool with the cornrows
Size 5 Jordans, Rolex sporting, and wanna fight everybody she knows
Well she's important, well she wasn't, she was just so and so so and so cousin
He was a red, so anytime she got into it, that who she would get
Now let me get back to the plan
Homie had ask, " Do ya got a man?"
She said,"No", he said, "Oh yeah
Where do you stay?" She said, " Rosecrans"
Rosecrans and what? She said, "Don't matter just know I fuck
He said, "What? you're a, you're a little freaky bitch huh?"
She said, "Yeah daddy I can you get you sprung
I can work that pussy and the tongue
If you come over I can make you cum
If you come over make sure that you bring drink
Because I like to get to drunk."
And that he did, that Friday he was where she lived
Notice that he was out of bounds
But didn't give a fuck cause he wanted to fuck that bitch right now
Walked in the house, rubber on, panties down
Oldies playing in the background
Let's get it on Marvin Gaye had bumped to the morning
Time to go, picked his pants up off the floor
Kissed that bitch in the mouth then walked to the door
When he walked out he seen a four four Bluh!
Didn't know that was the pussy he was dealing with
And that's how you get your ass killed bitch!
That's how you get your ass killed bitch!
That's how you get your ass killed bitch!
Get your ass killed bitch! How?
Fucking with them hoes, them hoes, them hoes, them hoes
Them hoes hoes, them scandalous hoes
Them hoes hoes will have you uh dead dead dead
Look. I guess we all can learn from mistakes
But your first mistake, might be your death date
And death doesn't wait, on no one
A million ways to die, and you can make it a million and one
If you not aware of the rules or maybe tryna fill someone else shoes
Like a square trying to be a gangster kind of remind of this one dude
He wasn't thirteen he was twenty two
When he went to first get put on the hood
He wasn't born it, Boys in the Hood the movie made him think it was all good
But usually this type of person want to prove his s s s s self on purpose
Tell everybody quit working, but really he's worthless
His momma had money, his daddy had money, so he had money
The OG's that gave him a pistol, think that he was gonna be just another crash dummy
And the funny thing about it he thought he was bout it like P-Miller
But he wasn't no killa
Just a monkey hanging around a bunch of gorillas
Everybody wanna be tough guy so he did, approached this guy like, "Where are you from?" with his gun but didn't shoot it, rule number one
Never pull out if you don't use it
Even though the dude didn't banged the very next day he seen around the way blew his brains out while homeboy was cruising
Not knowing the scariest nigga will split your shit
And that's how he got his ass killed bitch!
That's how he got his ass killed bitch!
That's how he got his ass killed bitch!
Fuck around and get your ass killed bitch! How?
Not knowing the G codes, the codes the codes
The G codes, the codes the codes
The G codes, if you don't know then your already dead dead dead
Feel me?
Cydel Young they feel me in Belgium
And when I die I'm going back to the heavens I fell from
I fell from
Back to the heavens I fell from
Cydel Young they feel me in Belgium
And when I die I'm going back to the heavens I fell from
Back to the heavens I fell from
Back (back) to the heavens I fell from

Cydel Young they feel me in Belgium
And when I die I'm going back to the heavens I fell from
I fell from
Back to the heavens I fell from
Cydel Young they feel me in Belgium
And when I die I'm going back to the heavens I fell from
Back to the heavens I fell from
Back (back) to the heavens I fell from

Cydel Young they feel me in Belgium
And when I die I'm going back to the heavens I fell from
I fell from
Back to the heavens I fell from
Cydel Young they feel me in Belgium
And when I die I'm going back to the heavens I fell from
Back to the heavens I fell from
Back (back) to the heavens I fell from
She told me that she only do girls
But since she met a player like me
Man I feel like I'm on top of the world
Never heard him, I convert 'em, put my lovin' in 'em
She told me that she only do girls
But since she met a player like me
Baby I can take you from your girl
I was with my muse, Arizona
Sippin' on Arizona iced teas, homie
We havin' dinner at the MOMA
Oh this young pretty fly thing starin' at me
She kissin' girls cause she wanna
Deep down in her soul, man she fishin' for D
She send emojis to my phone
Now we in the black cab, turnt and gettin' trippy
I like all of her friends, they're some nice girls
She a runway tall model, pretty white girl
I never discriminate, just dated three black girls
That's my private life so you don't know that, girl
Indian, Russian, now I'm back in Milano
Where they feed me Italian cause I don't eat no McDonalds
All these girls be frontin', tryna be in disguise
On that hush, hush, hush, she tellin' you lies
Girl!
She told me that she only do girls
But since she met a player like me
Man I feel like I'm on top of the world
Never heard him, I convert 'em, put my lovin' in 'em
She told me that she only do girls
But since she met a player like me
Baby I can take you from your girl
Girl 1: Hello?
Girl 2: Oh my God, I feel so bad
Girl 1: Hello?
Girl 2: We were, we were dancing and we started to kiss
Girl 1: Where are you?
Girl 2: I'm at his house now.. I.. I.. need you
Girl 1: Which house? Did you with him?
Girl 2: Oh my God, we were making love and, please don't tell Kaitlyn, just
Girl 1: I'm with everyone now
Girl 2: Just, just come now cause I need to get out of her, I'm really
Girl 1: I'm gonna come and get you
All these girls be frontin', tryna be in disguise
She said she's testin' the waters and how she don't do guys
Until last night, I was provin' her wrong
Had my tongue in her thighs, and nearly makin' her cry
And she told me a sad story how her life is tough
She never go this far, but I was callin' her bluff
She was stuck and thinkin' about the girl that she loves
All the guilty pleasures, man, this shit addin' up
Her phone vibratin', two missed calls from her lover
Textin', "Where you at girl?"
I ain't gon' lie, we was deep between the covers
I was sayin', "Throw it back, girl"
Ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, was my lover
It's a shame last night she was with the LVRS
Ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, was my lover
I don't think she's comin' back, girl
She told me that she only do girls
But since she met a player like me
Man I feel like I'm on top of the world
Never heard him, I convert 'em, put my lovin' in 'em
She told me that she only do girls
But since she met a player like me
Baby I can take you from your girl
Spit it to you, say little West the little beast
To make the Middle West blow like the Middle East, peace
Peace, couldn't afford the S-Class
So I had to cop the baby mama Benz, Jeep
With put fifty, I get this on the first tape
But that fifty that break the bank
Back when my ATM was crazy slim, had a girl nicknamed Sprewell
'Cause when I try to stop, she still made me spin
Back when '80s was in, my dog Crazy Ken had eighty of them
It's time to hit the dancefloor, you crazy again
And get that cash money like Baby and Slim
Pull up in something tinted, so tinted she squinted
She said, "This car real old," I told her her it was vintage
And I need to hit the health club and get a girl that's
Into the fitness, tryna get into the business
I'mma make her my apprentice
Make her open wide like she made me her dentist
And let me get inside
Now I've been hustling my whole life
Tryna get this money up and I think I finally got it right
And I've been partying with this one girl
Who claim, "I gotta go to work tomorrow, but tonight's the night
So pour another glass of that good stuff
A couple more shots and I'll be doing fine"
Spit it to you, say little West the little beast
To make the Middle West blow like the Middle East, peace
Please, what I gotta win five Grammys
Before you finally let me play Alicia's Keys?
If I can't bone, I'll get a clone
Get her there, got her there, grab her hair
She bobbin', don't stop her there
Told me that she love the Roc so much
She drove all the way to Far Rockaway for Rocawear
More popular, 'cause I abracadabra my Nissan
To a car throwing a peace sign, peace
Damn, that's like the same line I used in the first verse
Wa-wa-wa-wa-wa-wait, it gets worse
I told her S-U-C-K before we F-U-C-K
I give a F-U-C-K if your nephew see K
And if CL like U-C-K, that's how you know chickens C-L-U-C-K
I'm tryna find a crazy female with a cutie face
A big pimper on the DL, like UGK
And then I told her
I've been hustling my whole life
Tryna get this money up and I think I finally got it right
And I've been partying with this one girl
Who claim, "I gotta go to work tomorrow, but tonight's the night
So pour another glass of that good stuff
A couple more shots and I'll be doing fine"
Live from the BF Coliseum, southeast DC, Barry Farms where I was worked, born and raised! Wale, Kanye West and Dolla $ign! DC and Chi Town! Live inside the gates! Welcome to the big show! Move on!
$ign!

Woah, you was just alright (Just alright), yeah you (You), okay (Okay)
You know I could do this type of shit all night (All night)
Anyway, I-I, I wanna see you with the lights on (Lights on), right now (Right now), for real (Real)
You got everybody watchin' like the fight on (Oh-oh), god damn (Woah), yeah
Keep on, keep on thuggin' (Thuggin'), keep on, keep on thuggin' (Woah-oh)
While the money keep on comin' (Comin'), keep on, keep on comin' (Ayy)








I sold my soul to the devil that's a crappy deal
Least it came with a few toys like a happy meal
This game you could never win
Cause they love you then they hate you then they love you again
Get away from me misery
Get away from me lonliness
Get away from me fake bitches, I can’t take the phoniness
Get away from me wack tracks
I can only make only hits
I’m an only child lost in the World
Where did the lonely kids, go when the bell rings
It's feeling like hell rings
Bringing me back down
He's checking my background
Its ironic whats happening
Imagine if I didn’t have the ends
I wouldn't have so many imaginary friends
I’m spaced out dog, I be on that Moon talk
Wonder if God ask Mike how to moon walk
I swear to momma wish me and my father talk more
I stopped visiting around the time I was a sophmore
I guess everything I hate about me I see in him
And we ain’t finna change, so we won’t agree again
Till then I’ll be pouring out my soul
Just a few things I see with my eyes closed

In the night, I hear 'em talk
The coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road, he lost his soul to a woman so heartless
How could you be so heartless?
How could you be so heartless?
How could you be so, cold as the winter wind when it breeze, yo?
Just remember that you talkin' to me though
You need to watch the way you talkin' to me, yo
I mean after all the things that we've been through
I mean after all the things we got into
Yo, I know of some things that you ain't told me
Yo, I did some things but that's the old me
Now you wanna keep me back and you gon' show me
So you walk around like you don't know me
You got a new friend; I got homies
But in the end it's still so lonely
In the night, I hear 'em talk
The coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road, he lost his soul to a woman so heartless
How could you be so heartless?
How could you be so heartless?
How could you be so Dr. Evil?
You're bringin' out a side of me that I don't know
I decided we weren't gon' speak so
Why we up 3 A.M. on the phone?
Why does she be so mad at me for?
Homie I don't know, she's hot and cold
I won't stop, won't mess my groove up
'Cause I already know how this thing go
You run and tell your friends that you're leaving me
They say that they don't see what you see in me
You wait a couple months then you gon' see
You'll never find nobody better than me
In the night, I hear 'em talk
The coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road, he lost his soul to a woman so heartless
How could you be so heartless?
How could you be so heartless?
Talkin', talkin', talkin' tall
Baby let's just knock it off
They don't know what we been through
They don't know 'bout me and you
So I got something new to see
You just gon' keep hatin' me
And we just gon' be enemies
I know you can't believe
I could just leave it wrong
And you can't make it right
So imma take off tonight
Into the night
I hear 'em talk
The coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road, he lost his soul to a woman so heartless
How could you be so heartless?
How could you be so...
In the night, I hear 'em talk
The coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road, he lost his soul to a woman so heartless
How could you be so heartless?
How could you be so heartless?
I wanna see what's under there baby



Baby, not a day goes by, whoa
Without you on my mind, whoa
Donna Karan underwear
Babe, I swear you have nothing to worry about
Baby, I wanna see what's under there
It's easy, look lemme explain
Oh baby, yeah baby
When you take the picture, cut off your face
And cover up the tattoo by the waist
Let the MC Serch 'til I reach third base
And when I get home I'ma hit home plate
Wait, could this be considered our first date
Ye, the picture just looks so trash
Your body make a baller spend cooked coke cash
Plus every good girl wanna go bad
In Playboy mags like Stacy Dash
Or Kim Kardashian, be a lady at it
You know what's a crazy thing
Some girls'll make you wait longer than A.C. Green
Passion of the Christ, thirty-three year old virgin
That's disrespectful baby, don't encourage him
I like 'em brown, yellow, Puerto Rican, or Persian
Dashiki, kimono, or turban
They say I dress White, but my swag so urban
Tryin my luck, I hit her with the text say
Baby you up, question mark
And she respond, YES-S-S-I-R


Excuse me
Tell me, who you really really really think is more lyrical?
'Cause everytime I go somebody gotta see the medical
And everytime I come, I’m eating everything that's edible
And if you ain't already know, then who be more incredible?
They wanna call me crazy like I’m borderline cynical
'Cause how I do it and I kill ‘em and I get incredible
And magically do it like this was another miracle
And if you don’t like it then you can suck up on my genitals
Ta-ta-ta-tal ta-ta-ta-ta-tals
Do it little bitch and get up off your little pedestal
And whenever you see me, you better salute the general
'Cause I will break it down to every single little mineral
(Slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp)
Suck up on my testicle again when you see me counting money
Move the decimal again
'Bout to cop another diamond out of Senegal again
Everybody saying that he's uncomparable again - okay
Killing everything I think we ’bout to have a funeral
A lot of you niggas be doing whatever you be doing
And I don’t even know what to call it, just sound terrible
Lower down the chorus, see we have another burial
These niggas that be rambling and babbling
I ain't hearing them
And everybody know that I be handling my B-I
When it come to other rappers niggas know that I be scarin’ them
Chop, chop, chop chop
Chop another beat up
Now you see the way I heat up, everybody wanna meet up
Just to come inside the building and witness another killing
Then I relax and then shop back and put my feet up
Every beat that I'mma touch I’mma lace
I’mma never stop even with a muzzle on my face
When I finish with this sissy, I'mma leave without a trace
Nigga kneel down better say grace
I go HAM!



Oh, they got it all, you can see they got it all
They got the cars, the boat, and the beautiful house by the shore
And you know there's more
But I can't take another minute of it all
He wants his kids and the dog, he wants his breakfast in bed
He's got his trust fund saved, not a worry in his head
But it's not you, homie
I wanna break up the scene and see you running back to me
'Cause I feel like taking off
Let me be your supernova
Before you make the biggest mistake of your life
Just give me a chance to get it right, get it right
Yeah I feel like taking off
Let me be your supernova tonight
Before you make the biggest mistake of your life
Just give me a chance to get it right, get it right



Good evening ladies and gentlemen, I am the one and only Queen Bee
After me there will be none, but you could call me Miss White
Most people know me as, Lil Kim the head of the La Bella Mafia
Oh, shoutout to my girl Victoria Gotti and the whole family stay up
This time around I ain't takin no shit, this time around I never get bit
This time around I switched up my flow
Got rid of the pits and put rotts by the do'
This time around it ain't like befo'
This time around I'm gon' crack ya jaw
The feds is watchin me so I can't do much
Speak the wrong words bitch and you will get touched
I'm back on the scene my favorite color is green
I'm buildin a empire got a whole new team
Pimp game is strong, raps is just harder than they ever been
You can never win
Made my way through Hollywood fashion world adores me
Music's my first love a nine to five bores me
Love me or hate me Lil Kim come through
My fans across the world I came back for you
I came back for you
All incarcerated scarfaces gangstas with the fed cases
I came back for you, all my fans across the world holla at your girl
I came back for you
Everybody's waitin on me all these bitches hatin on me
I came back for you, the mink rockin Benz coppin keep the bottles poppin
It's the real hip hop mami check the facts
I'm sick of all you acts with your bubble gum raps
Like the sand in the hour glass you out of your time
Tried to go against the queen is you out of your mind?
Even be at number two, your chances is slim
Cause when God made Adam, he should've made Kim
I gave a few passes but I never forget
It's enough I got to put up with this Doo Doo Brown chick
Now you and you wanna come at me from all sides
I'm gettin money, don't think I just be lettin shit slide
I'm very concerned with fashion ain't my fault y'all don't know how ta
Rock this Hollyhood thang y'all need to let me style ya
Come back, to the light ma, I started the shit
How soon we forget I'm the heart of the shit
So keep your tacky ways and go back to your stripper days
As long as I'm around, you gon' bow down
I came back for you
All incarcerated scarfaces gangstas with the fed cases
I came back for you, all my fans across the world holla at your girl
I came back for you
Everybody's waitin on me all these bitches hatin on me
I came back for you, the mink rockin Benz coppin keep the bottles poppin
This time around either your in or your out
This time around you better watch your mouth
This time around you gon' hang or bang
This time around you better do your thang
Cause I'm the best that ever done it, the best that lived it
I ain't no overnight success goddamnit I was born with it
The Prada mama, the Dolce and Gabbana drippin
The Blue Hypnotic Martini Mimosa sippin
Y'all better team or get it together
Or you, you and her can get it whenever
Huh, I got a army y'all can't harm me
If the show was on the other foot you probably try to starve me
Don't get your life tooken I know I got you shooken
This Bed Stuy fly girl came back for Brooklyn
Heavy hitters fo' life, heavy hitters fo' life
Mm, mm
Mm-mm
You rappers think I give a fuck about the way that they spit
Wanna be on my album but don't want me on they shit
Everybody thought I was makin' a compilation
I was really makin' myself they compe-tation
Fresh off the plane from the All-Star game
Bone girls on TV so it's All-Star trains
Just picture man (Uh-huh), no snitchin' man (Uh-uh)
Somethin' for the fiends fresh out the kitchen, man
Last 9/11 I was poor on the ave, 'til I pluraled my math
Now it's Porsche 911 and I'm floorin' the gas (Errr!)
Got a lot of problems, money's one that I not have no more
Uh, well, Dame look at how everybody changed
Tell Jay that I'm 'bout to change the game
Tell Biggs that we about to get paid
All my niggas is 'bout to have it made
This makes everything else sound played
Goddamn, Kanye! (Kanye! Kanye!)
Now hold up! Ain't nobody messin' with me, dog
Now, you say it! ("Ain't nobody messin' with you at all!")
I told dude, "You can't even rap on my interlude"
Now does that make me as rude as Jude?
("When the album comin' out?") Man, the people is askin'
Yamamoto Adidas is sick with the fashion
Y'all already got dough so you spit for the passion
The way you rhyme give me Tribe Called Quest flashbacks
And let's not even bring up the tracks, man
Nope, nope, let's not do that, man
You eatin' up the game like Pac-Man
And got the whole world shakin' just like crack fiends
Heavy hitters, fo' life (Woo!)
Roc-a-Fella is fo' life
Throw your diamonds up, throw your diamonds up
Throw your diamonds
Just let the beat ride out for a minute


Heavy hitters fo' life
Roc-A-Fella is fo' life
Throw your diamonds up, throw your diamonds up
Throw your diamonds

Woopty Doo!
Shawty stay caked up
Woopty Doo!
Just bought an Escalade truck
Woopty Doo!
You put some 26s on it
Woopty Doo!
Yo shit be looking pretty, don't it?
Woopty Doo!
You hit the club and make it rain
Woopty Doo!
You spend like 50 on the chain
But every 365 bro, you get a little wiser
And realize all that stupid shit bought was lame
Cause it don't mean shit, when you out there on your own
Cause it don't mean shit, when the Feds run in your home
Cause it don't mean shit, when you can't take care of your kids
Cause it don't mean shit, nigga, fuck what ya did
I tell them niggas "Woopty Doo! Woopty Doo! Woopty Doo!"
I tell them niggas "Woopty Doo! Woopty Doo! Woopty Doo!"
Ok I'm rocking all gold
I feel like a fuckin' Pharoah from above
Bullets is bigger than fuckin' arrows
But in the middle of that peril
I'm still rocking new apparel
I just left the casino, I got money by the barrels
I feel like I'm Al Pacino
I'm counting Robert DiNero
If niggas want war, then best believe me that I'm there
You can catch me in the middle of that field like a scarecrow
Only difference is that a nigga's never scared ho
I'm tired of the cloudy days
I'm wishing for a sun
You would've thought that I was sterile
But I made it to the sky where angel asses erect us
Hollwood directors, Melrose dresses, ass that's the roundest
Toast another round up, but if I fell
Will they catch me before the ground does?
Who your real friends and friends by technicality?
They ask how your mama is, or ask for a salary?
Patience is better than pride
So I'm riding factory without the leather inside
Half of y'all ain't got a car to put leather inside
Plus, the smaller the rim, the better the ride!
Suckers talk, but I never reply
Don't hate niggas, cause I've never been a confederate guy
So when I die, and look God dead in the eye
He said I got a room for you and a bed in the sky
But y'all can't get no capital cause y'all priorities fucked up
Part of the minority cause majority of us
Die by the gun and let authorities cuff us
Everyday is like "Glory" to us, bruh
So keep it cool shawty, or see the tool shawty
Niggas say they gangsta's but ain't never made the news
Call me Saint Lou cuz I'm giving y'all the Blues shawty
If you see me in the Lamb, then you know that Boo bought it
I was blessed to leave these streets
I took my first loss when I was 3 weeks deep
A lot of robbing if you not a goblin
I sold weed, but my partner rock a robin like "Twee lee lee"
Heroin and PCP
I had the kush, you want the mid, you had to see GB
So take it serious when you get money
Ain't shit funny, nigga, "hee hee hee!"
Doesn't get much better than that (Nah!)
So unfair, so.. unfair advantage
(Yo, it doesn't feel much better than that)
It's the dream, it's Kobe and Jordan on the same team
In the best prime of their game and the same Kanye
You know the name and it's not pronounced Kane
And every time, you know I spit that flame
Ayo we gettin' out our dreams, gettin' out our dreams
And we gonna buy some things, and we got him out of Queens
Talkin' 'bout my man Consequence, once for the Tribe
Talkin' 'bout my man GLC and now he's around
Talkin' 'bout John Legend, take 'em all the way to Heaven
Speakin' of Heaven, Common speaks the heavenly words
The nouns and verbs and whatever you heard
Whatever synonym, we killin' 'em, everybody feelin' him
The people's choice, the people's champ like Paul Wall
All haters, I gotta say fuck all y'all
No, I won't waste my energy no more
I have to be more concerned about Sierra Leone
I'm talkin' 'bout people that's dyin' for diamonds
And the way that uh
They got uh, capa
What I want to say, monopoly over the country
And every time you say somethin' people act funky
The diamond industry want me, they say I'm bringin' out the bad
What I want, people to stop buyin' diamonds?
No, I want everybody to stop lyin'
They say conflicts is only one percent, and look at all the money rappers spent
We throw the diamonds in the screen, nah mean?
But it affects the families cause people is dyin' for these things
I mean in the diamond rivers they'll mine all day
And might only get paid two cups of rice a day
Is this the price to pay for the icy way?
We like to floss away, even your boy 'Ye
With my Jesus piece, I gave diamonds to my niece
If I had a brother, Kanye, Common made "I Used to Love H.E.R."
Used to love her and I still do, lyrically I kill you
Dog I don't feel you, your style is like mildew
Real old, I'm real cold, listen to this beat, real soul
Your style is real old, dollar bill fold
Stackin' money ain't funny, and I'm out in UK
And I ask 'em who's the best, and they say "you K"
Ooh way ooh way
Yeah I feel it and I gotta kick it off the top of the dome
Microphone controller, that's an M.C., it's in me
I can lead a crowd, I went to your show, it's empty
Go to my shit, it's sold out, every single seat
Every time I drop, because like Shaq, I bring the heat
And anybody that freestyle on the level that I do
Should be winnin' Grammys too
So if you do it like me, you can do it like this
And uh, they say I'm a teacher like the one called Kris
That's KRS but nah it's Kanye West
And every time I spit the rhymes, uh straight off the flesh
I could bring it down to the bone straight from the heart
And from the heart is where I did it 'fore I ever chart
And then I spit it, we get it, we did it, we do it a lot
Kanye spit it, we do it, we makin' it hot
I got patterns like Saturn, the rings, the rings
Uh, Gold Digger, that's the single, the single
Gotta hit the club just to mingle, to mingle
Why you all in my face? I'm tryna do my thing dude
Back off, I'll have Barry smack the fuck out of you
Everybody wanna know what they can get out you
Aww here's my demo, dawg, here's my group
Dawg, please back me up, you're heated up, you're soup
Y'all gassed, I passed, I flow, I rhyme
I'm uh, that's the way, that yah boy gotta shine
Straight from the Chi city, everybody ride with me
And you see the same questions and I gotta teach the lesson
This some, this some sick freestylin', I hear you're readin' it
I gotta keep goin' cause y'all fans, y'all needin' it
Uh, you say I'm too high like I smoke weed in it
And they say "he arrogant, he's always conceited, shit"
Well what you want from me? Y'all just can't stop me
You could look in my pants and tell that I'm cocky
(Laughing)
(Oh my God, Oh my God)
(Damn) Yeah
We back, we back like we ever left, huh
(Crazy!)
Like we ever left, huh, like we e', like we ever left, huh
Like we ever left, uh, uh, uh, yeah, yeah
Can I get an encore, do you want more?
Kanye on the Westwood Tour
Chillin' with Westwood
Go to Chicago, that's Kanye West's hood
And the label called G.O.O.D
Should I holla at these bitches? You should
You might need one, you might need one
You might fuck one
If you eat out like McDonald's
I ain't no clown like Ronald
Uh, more like Donald
Trump, with the way I get it crunk
Like my man Lil Jon, but call him Lil Kan'
He all the same, flow like Lil Wayne on Tha Carter
And I'm signed to the Carter faculty
'Cause the Roc is in back of me
Actually, that look like stacks to me
Ch-ching, ch-ching
Yah nahmean, yah nahmean, I'm doin' my thing
Out in U.K., London
And they call me number one
Japan, you're number one
That's Ichiban
And I learned that from KRS-One
Won once again like One
Like Puff, my friend, and One
One, give me one of them
Talkin' 'bout one drink, one hand
One cup of Henny, one cup of Hypno
If you ran out of it, yo, you got to get more
And I might sip slow but I never sip Mo
I sip Cris-o, Cris-y-Cris
And I gotta break it down like Missy Miss
She had the "hee hee, who got the keys?"
You don't need that if you got the no start V
Where you push the button, that ain't nothin'
All y'all talkin' somethin', y'all stay frontin'
Kanye dropped the beats to get 'em jumpin'
Lucifer, top of the morning to yah
Cheerio, hit up the flow, bring it back, oh
From Chicago, uh
And I'm rockin' the Dolce Gabbana
Fashionable persona
GQ, who knew he'd be the flyest?
Like T.W.A.C.W.K
K.A.N.Y W.E.S.T
Be the B.E.S.T
You know, I'mma stop it right there
(Laughs) I just, I just feel like
I 'on't know if I feel like rappin' right now
(Oh my God!)
I got raps for yah, uh huh
I got raps for yah
I got, uh, I got raps for yah
We goin' to mass today, we have to pray
Besides what the pastor say
Uh, uh
I 'on't know, I 'on't know what
I got so many joints right know, runnin' through my head
I 'on't even know what to yeah
What should, what should I spit?
I could just freestyle off of these messages
Please can you tell
Okay this is a girl writin' this
Please can you tell my uh, boyfriend Danny
That I love him loads, with all my heart
And I can't wait to see him tomorrow
She can't wait to see you tomorrow Danny
She love you, mhmm
You know what that mean?
You gonna get some
I wonder if she gon' be wearin' one of those tight outfits
And you know that I like that shit
I ain't sayin' I ever met her but come on
You must be pimpin' and you ain't sweat her, you know?
She writin' you on one of these hip-hop shows
Made me wonder if she's a hip-hop ho
No disrespect, you know
I don't know you so
I will not disrespect, so don't please press eject
On the tape cassette, and don't knock it out of your decks
So with much respect, obliged, when I rhyme
Sometimes some things just pop out, sometimes
I must be a, I forgot the medical name
Not a narcoleptic that be sleepin'
How people was sleepin' when I made it deeper
And I gotta be creepin' cause you know they didn't peep it
Uh, they call me Rockafella's best little secret
Uh, I got the beats for the Jeep
When people used to rock Amigo's and Suzuki's
And the Isuzu's, this the way you flow
Do flow, aye yo you just like Menudo
Played out about mad years ago
And uh, I could rock off the top, I got years of flow
I got so many albums to go, at least about seven
Jesus Walks had me all the way
Thought I was gon' rhyme that, no you didn't time that
Yo that's where the line's at
Look at my shows, look how long that the line's at
All the way to the back, sold out, one night
That's the way it is when you done it right
Take time to drop a album, don't just be buyin' beats from everybody
Cause everybody ain't got it, I got it
I get it, I only give it to those who really live it
Like Jay-Z, the Game, and my dogs that really did it
Like Kweli, like Common, like dudes that really spit it
I'm talkin' 'bout they go onto the radio and hit it
And as far as makin' your songs, it's all wrong
You be doin' everything that everybody else is on
Man, I'mma break it down, let me take it down
Here goes the instructions on how to not say nothin'
Look, you take the crack concept
And you do that 'til it's all dead and gone, you do it all wrong
Now uh, you take the car concept
And I see it every video, every single place I go
Same shit
Man you know the beat ran out on me
I was gonna, I was gonna, I was gonna break down
(That was mean, that was mean!) I was gonna break down to people
Exactly how to make the good song and the good album for a change
(Let's go, let's go, let's go!)
First of all, what you need's a beat from me
If you can't get a beat from me, get a beat from your guy
He'll prolly do it for free
Yo, yo-yo, yo-yo-yo, you gotta bring with your flow
You gotta take it on-beat and off-beat
And don't rap on no fuckin' soft beats
You know that real hard shit, regardless, I played my part in this
Like, this Corner beat, this what you want when you want a beat
And that's when you really is gonna be
A hip-hop legend like Kan, like Kan
Like, of course the Louis Vuitton, 'ton, don, don
If I do say so, myself
And I do all the time, every rhyme
Cause I'm, I'm feelin' myself
And if you was me, you'd be feelin' yourself, you see
If you out in London, you just hopped on a plane
And you just came out of the bathroom, you just got you some brain
Uh, you doin' your thing
And plus you flossin' that Rocafella chain
Aye yo, you know you let Kan spit on 'em
I'm rockin' the Rocafella chain with no conflicts on 'em
Oh, oh
Now let me bring it back to the flow, flow
And how you make the album and you make some dough, dough
Get you a good manager cause your manager'll fuck your game up
Fuck your name up
Trade your chain for some studio time
See a lot of people be flossin' before they get a chance to
A lot of people want club records they wanna dance to
A lot of people want basslines, they will enhance you
Bass in the club is good too, what you should do
Is prolly get a single like Alicia Keys
And if you don't know her, holla at Alicia please
You know one of 'em light skin bitches with the braids
Actin' like they got it made
You get somebody that's weak, you get somebody that you know can't flow
And you rap before him, and let him go
And people gon' be like well least you was better than dude
And another thing you can do
If you could channel the spirits like I channel
I'm not talkin' 'bout lightin' candles, I'm not talkin' sayonce
I'm talkin' 'bout talkin' to God, I mean just like once
What I do before I rhyme, every day is I pray
I pray to God that he make these songs in a certain way
I let him speak through me, through the beats, through the music
I mean, sometimes I go into the booth and lose it
I mean, I know he speakin' when I freak it in it a way
That I coulda never thought of somethin' better to say
So, our father, who art up above us
I know any time we fuck, you still love us
Like when I'm cursin' in my verses and I even do, what's worse is
When I'm spendin' too much, spendin' on purses
And shoes for my girl when I should be helpin' the world
Give back to the charity, he still don't embarrass me
He still let me be, He still keep it real
See that's the thing about humans, we got free will
See the angels gotta do exactly what God want 'em to do
God is still with you, even when we don't do
So, follow the path, follow the laws
Follow the reason, the reasons why it's wrong
You never heard a freestyle like this before-'fore
And I know that hip-hop fans want more
Westwood, what's good
Holla at your boy, Kanye the Louis Vuitton Don
The Roca stay, buildin'
Yeah, it's G.O.O.D. Music baby
After you freestyle like that you just talk shit for about eight minutes
Kanye to the...
Yeah, OK
I'm getting spins all day in L.A
We can go the D where Dwele dwell
D.C, P.G or ATL
Back in the Chi, mean my life like a magazine
Honey wanna know the details about my ebony
Well that's XXL
Far as the penthouse, yeah that's upscale
Mademoiselle got a hell of a Black tail
I'm feeling her vibe, her Body and Soul
I heard you stay in a metropolitan home
Well lets kill all the parlayin and offer you a cosmopolitan
Lets jet out the club, get some oxygen
Your friends claim I'm a player, you be lucky to keep me
But you know people gon' be talking 'bout us weekly
My car be in a Robb Re-p-o-r-t but what's more important to me
Is that you..
(Dwele)
Open your ears
Don't allow these words to be ignored by years
Fearing lullibies, containing the same old lies (same old lies)
Dealing just to deal is just a crime
Besides I know you wouldn't mind
Trying something new so..
(CHORUS)
Let's (Let's)Try (Try)
We can work it out
If you let love(love) guide (guide)
The way that you feel for me
Oh(Oh) Why(Why)
Let this opportunity pass (pass) by (by)
You should hold on
Please don't resist (don't resist)
Bless those harmonies to me, escape your lips (escape your lips)
There's no need to go home
Just to dance along (dance aloo-o-one)
I know you can't enjoy it on your own
Really I don't see nothing wrong
With you and I spending some time--
Also let me mention, (Oooh)
My only intention, (Oooh)
Is to feed you every single thing you hunger for---
In my heart I have to (Oooh)
And-- want to have you (Oooh)
So fulfilled that you will never need to ask for more--
Now someone told my girl that she's a trophy wife
Sorta like Grant Hill and Kobe's wife
So when we at a club, and she be so polite
But when we back at home she be poltergeist
I mean provoking fights
Trying to poke me with knifes
And last time I tried to poke her she just told me goodnight
See her clothing be tight
She was pervert approved
So she gave up on life, now she don't wanna move
Hypnotized by the tube
So she stay with the clicker
In a cup full of liquor
Thinkin its makin her thicker
But its makin her slimmer
So our future is dimmer
I can't remember last time I took my baby to dinner
See I'm sayin' a sister who was freaky and ruthless
In a yorkshire terrier in the pocket with pooches
In a pocket with Gucc's
Was taking my lunch money
Just like the gooches
I'll tell you the truth miss

For my southside niggas that know me best
I feel like Taylor Swift still owe me sex
Why I made that bitch famous (Swea)
I made that bitch famous (I made her famous)
For my Chitown niggas that know me best
I feel like Amber Rose still owe me sex (Chiraq)
Why? I made that bitch famous
Not really, but somewhat famous (err, kinda)
All I do is get tattoos and read French Vague
Every bitch in the spot wanna drink my Ragu


Nike slave, fit in your place
Don't come out your face
Don't come out your mouth
Don't come out your house
Don't come out the blah
It came out the North, it came out the South
The tally is down
Bumpin' the...
The hate is anony...
The Copacabana...
It made me...
Someone told me...
The world turnin' Black slowly
Where you can call niggas "niggas"
But you better not mention Hitler
So tell me who run the label, where the guns from? Us
Tell me now, where we get the guns from? Us
Tell me now, where we get the guns from? Us
US!



Let's do it!
Santana, Jim Jones, Killa, Freekey
How long we gon' have this shit on lock, man?
Yes sir, you gave me the right track Kanye
Listen, I been coppin' them P's and
Maybe that's part of the reason
I feel like a boxer: bobbin' and weavin'
But I'm gettin' head, she's bobbin' her weave and (yes sir)
I'm grabbin' her neck to stop her from breathin'
I'ma wild out until I part with my breathin'
Until I'm sparked up and leakin', part of the cement
I need somethin' pure, like from the Garden of Eden (why?)
Wouldn't mind makin' her part of my achievements (what happened)
'Cause when music discourage my pride (who was there?)
Zeek, the only one with courage to ride
The ride's so dirty inside, seems like we were playin' in mud
Hazin' it up, grams, gauge and a snub
Who ill? A check for two mil'
And a cheap case, defaced, blue steel, true skills
I got stories that my soul can sing
Flip water like Poland Spring and I'ma hold them things
Forever
That's right y'all
Diplomats y'all, we here
Forever, yea-yeah
That's forever, man
Look, talk to 'em
Look, my fella said you been coppin' a lot
Latest caper? Propellers on top of the drop
But fuck it, who ever thought I would rock at the Roc? (Killa!)
Top a top on top of the top
But yo - nothing definite, I chop up the rocks
And I stop up the drop, Blocka Blocka the block
Hello mate, yellow tape, helicopter your spot
What you wanted is not what you got
And I pop up them cops
'Cause dog, it ain't about Cam (it ain't about me)
I got a son homeboy, it's about Cam (for that?)
It's about being 'bout It
If you're not, you're ass backwards
My mathematics cause cash matters (that's important)
Little niggas need to sit up and breathe
If the town too hot, get up and leave
Niggas always got a trick up their sleeve (always)
Nigga like me - I always got a brick up my sleeve
And that's for-e-ver, Killa!
Forever
Jim Jones, Freekey, Santana, we here, we here
Forever, yea-yeah
I got it Guru (let's wrap it up man)
Shit, I was two blocks from coppin' dust
I used to hop the bus
Now look dog, ain't nobody hot as us
Girls, they gotta rush, shit, they gotta blush
Wanna go in the mall just to shop with us
To how they piss and, bitch, how they ran a mile
Fuck Killa Cam, they in love with Cameron Giles
Damn, I gotta smile, hundred grand, I demand it
Goddamn it, the boy the boy done done it, child
And that's forever, man
You hear it, uh huh
We here, I love y'all man
It's nothing boy
Dash, Hoffa, Young Guru
What's really good?
Holla at your boy
I might have this shit on lock man
Kanye, Harlem, Chicago, Columbus - holla
Chicago, you have your own Kanye West on the track
Harlem, you know who the fuck I am - Killa!
We just want you's to know Diplomats is here
We ain't going nowhere
Holla at the boy-boy, let's ride out man
I speak the truth
Truth, nothin but the truth
Y'all know what I bring to the game I speak the truth
The truth, nothing but the truth

Nigga the truth, every time I step in the booth
I speak the truth, y'all know what I'm bringing to you
I bring the truth, you motherfuckers know who I be
I be the truth, what I speak shall set you free
Nigga the truth

Nigga the truth, every time I step in the booth
I speak the truth, y'all know what I'm bringing to you
I bring the truth, you motherfuckers know who I be
I be the truth, what I speak shall set you free
Nigga the truth

Nigga the truth, every time I step in the booth
I speak the truth, y'all know what I'm bringing to you
I bring the truth, you motherfuckers know who I be
I be the truth, what I speak shall set you free
Nigga the truth
Illuminati, High society
We in this party and nobody invited me
We going crazy and I always use my best sense
But it don't matter cause I stay on my fresh prince
Maxin', relaxin, shootin' some pool and
Playing some b-ball outside of the school and
Girls with they top off outside of the pool and
Whips with the drop off outside of the Louvre
You just look stupid to be ignoring
The Delorean parked in front of Armani Emporium
And parties at Richie is getting risky
Victoria's Secret show, they miss me
Voices in my head, I need choices in my bed
AHHHHH, get out my fucking head
It's just me and my bad bitch
So you can say I'm on my Brad Pitt, nah



It's funny how the tables turn, turn, turn, turn
Uhhh uhhh (ohhhh-ooohh) and it's sooo, woo
(Wooooo-oooo, yeah) This that hot
(Wooooo-ooooo, yeahhhh) Uh huhhh, yeah! New Monica!






"Don't come knockin' on my door" {Uh huhhhh, sooo, soooo}
"Don't come knockin' on my door"
Ooohh oooh uhh, ooohh oohh uhh
"Don't come knockin' on my door" (Oohh ohh uhh, yeah, yeah, yeahh)
"Don't come knockin' on my door"
Ooohh oooh uhh (changed my locks) oohh uhhh (to my crib)
"Don't come knockin' on my door" Ohhh (can't come in, oohh) Ohhhh
"I don't want you calling me no mo'"
"Don't come knockin' on my door" (changed my locks, to my crib)
"Don't come knockin' on my door" (can't come in, uhhh) Ooooohhh
I don't want you calling me no mo'

Blood of the lamb
Can I hear me a little bit louder?
They will overcome
The Devil is usin' you, confusin' you
Our job is to understand who is who
Righteous indignation in this nation
We gon' start a revolution in this basement
And at the end of the day, it's truly blessings
Y'all had your statistics and all them goofy questions
Y'all had your fake leaders, don't worry, we got it
And plus it's only twenty-one days to break a habit
Momma, I need you to tuck me in
I done made some mistakes and they rubbed it in (Boy)
I know you and grandma had enough for them (Boy)
Why I gotta be so stubborn then? (Boy)
I'm doin' this one for y'all
So we could end racism once and for all
How many praises they gon' make? (Uh) Watch the safe
One hand wash the other, both hands wash the face
Let's do it (Forever)
And that I will
Yess, Gotta get 'em
Fee! Straight up gangsta, Hollygrove gangsta
Lay a nigga down in pink stuff
Them soft ass dudes just think tough
We shoot and put them shanks up
We tryin' live to summer and put them minks up
I'm sinked up in the coupe, the eyes chinked up
Pull up on a bitch at the light, that night linked up
Whole lotta shit in the life of a young boss
Bet that V.V.S. ice will bite your face off
Yeah, I ignite and take off, now catch up
I'm the best doing it, c'mon niggas 'fess up
Nigga feel different he could chess up and guess what
I bring it to his chest, to his right lung and left lung
Nigga get a check up, nigga put ya cheque up
I swear I'm on fire, need water like a hick-up
So I guess I might as well can say that
I'm the best today and (Forever)
Yeah, candy paint! T, I'm ridin' in the peppermint
Even my leather got leather trim
I'm on another element
I keep somethin' in the trunk like a elephant
Bet you remember it, like a elephant
I got this rap bottled up like medicine
Who's better than? Fuck him!
I probably fucked her, ah, what's new?
And if you hatin' on us, yeah, fuck you
And if them bitches wanna fuck us, we wanna fuck too
What a coincidence
And we cause accidents, not incidents
I am big shit, they're eensy-wens
They're not even a letter in my sentences
Sittin' in my coupe on 20-inch
So it's like I'm fencing bitch, I will stunt (Forever)
So stop being defensive bitch
I'm relentless bitch, I'm in this shit (Forever)
Now end this shit
People keep talking
They can say what they like
I don't worry cause
Everything's gonna be alright
No one but I'm nombre uno
Hey hombre I'm "Ye" so you too low
Money felt like sumo's so haters just gonna sue mo'
What you think gonna happen when they see me in that two do'
She gonna be with you she gonna see me she read' to go
Cause you have re-freshened me, I'm fresh head to toe
So let's go let's get let's get it hey
I know you need something different trying to get away
I use that as a segue
Let's hit a spot where they only speak Reggae
Like no one can do it this long
She said "Aye Kan', who you tryin' to be, Akon?"
Sorry the drink had me wildin' a little bit
But my link had me stylin' a little bit
I think I'm gonna hit the island in a bit
But what I said had you smiling didn't it
She laughed at this, but after this
You know I gotta take that off
Young Halle told me, "Make me feel good"
So I gave her the Monster Balls








I understand that I’m a servant. And with my voice, with my ability to build relationships with amazing people, speak to amazing people. Call Elon Musk out of the blue, or call Obama out of the blue…he calls the home phone, by the way
I work with an artist called Vanessa Beecroft, and she bought my daughter some toys
I’d see toys that some people would buy for my daughter and I’d say this toy isn’t quality. I don’t want my daughter playing with this. There’s not enough love put into this, this is just manufactured with the will to sell, and not the will of inspiration
Vanessa is very focused, she’s like my eyes, she’s a piece of my brain. She bought my daughter these three wolves, knowing the whole collection, that it’d play with the song Wolves, and based on this concept. And when my daughter saw these wolves, I’ve never seen her so happy. She was going so crazy, she was grabbing one, she was riding on top of one…I’ve never seen her happier than this moment. That level of happiness seems to be the thing that we’re fighting for every day, that we’re trying to buy back, trying to work for, especially in America
In America people really do wear $3000 shirts. For real. Here and in Stockholm people will be like ‘oh dude, it’s a $3000 shirt’
I’m assuming I’m probably wearing a $2000 shirt but I got it for free from the designer so
We’ve been sold a concept of joy through advertising, through car advertising, through fashion branding. It’s not the concept of time, time with your family, time with your friends, the little time that we do have on earth and what we do with that. It was somehow sold to us through a Gucci bag or something
Time is the only luxury. It’s the only thing you can’t get back. If you lose your luggage – I’m not gonna say the obvious brand of luggage that I’d normally say because I’ve got a meeting with them soon – if you lose your expensive luggage at the airport, you can get that back. You can’t get the time back
It feels like people do everything in life to get this BMW, this Benz, to get this townhome, to get 2.5 kids exactly. One of them has to be small, y’know!
And you’re looking for this moment where you sit in your BMW after all the work you’ve done and all the accolades you get, and you somehow think you’re gonna get that level of joy that my daughter had when she received those wolves. And when you’re sitting in traffic in your BMW, it’s something that feels empty. To everyone who reaches that point. This concept of the selfish human, this idea of separation by race, or gender, or religion, or age, or my favourite thing to hate, class
People say it takes a village to raise a child. People ask me how my daughter is doing. She’s only doing good if your daughter’s doing good. We’re all one family
We have the ability to approach our race like ants, or we have the ability to approach our race like crabs
This is a generation that is far less racist – yes, small remnants remain of even thinking of calling something of a racial slur
White people that listen to rap say ‘nigger’…in the privacy of their own home
You guys have been taught, without you knowing, ways to separate yourselves from each other. If you’re separated, you can be easily controlled. If you’re too busy pointing fingers at each other, rather than holding hands, you can’t get anything done
You know, Chris Rock called my album My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy…well, Chris Rock and everyone else at every single media publication called My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy the best album of the last 25 years. This only came through collaboration
One of the most memorable things about MBDTF was Nicki Minaj, and the fact that she kicked my ass, on my own song, on one of the best albums…the best album – I’m just saying what the critics said – of the last 25 years. The best album of the past 25 years that I spent a year and a half making, out there. I was exiled from my country, it was a personal exile, but exile. To come back and deliver my magnum opus of a work, and to be outshined…to be beat by a girl, basically
This was necessary. I think it was one of the most important points of working on that album, was to not stop her from her moment because of how good she is. Just think of a comparison, if you think about why did it take so long for the new Yeezys to come out? Why did I have to leave one group and go to another group? Why did that group not want to speak to me? I think the Yeezys I was doing over there were comparable to that Nicki Minaj verse. Because these guys were like ‘we’re worrying about this shoe, we’re gonna put it on this celebrity’. And the head’s son would come and say ‘my favourite shoe is the Yeezy’. And it’s like ‘ahhh, I can’t hear about these YEEZYS anymore!’. Like everyone talking about Nicki’s verse, ‘I can’t hear about this verse anymore!’. It was gonna work for her anyway, but let’s just say that in some way in helped give her exposure. She was able to go on and become a successful, and fly, and run, and dream, and provide. And it was not locked because of my career
One of my biggest Achilles heels has been my ego. And if I, Kanye West, the very person, can remove my ego, I think there’s hope for everyone
When I talk about collaboration and the creative process, the best idea wins
I’m proud of the consistency of the performances I’ve done since I’ve been out here. And it comes from four would-be egomaniacs coming out and being forced to work together. The best lighting guy on the planet, the best staging guy, the best video guy, another staging guy, a guy with a laptop for no reason…To be able to deliver, back to back to back, extremely successful, inspiring, groundbreaking, visual, visceral, creative moments that otherwise would have been challenged. And the kid from Chicago screaming from the top of the stage for 40 minutes in a row. I’ve had to pull that card out a few times. Not particularly screaming, but remember, I will scream
My momma taught me that if I was in a grocery store and I’m by myself and a stranger grabbed my hand, scream at the top of your fucking lungs. If I’m at an awards show and a stranger grabs my hand and they say so we’re going to use these moving lights, or we’re gonna play the music right now before we define the look, or we’re gonna cut the TV cameras in a traditional way. I’ll scream at the top of my fucking lungs
People say I have a bad reputation. I think I’ve got the best reputation in the building. They want you to have a reputation of tucking your black nail polish into your pockets and sitting in the corner of the class, and not fighting for your ideas out of fear of being ridiculed
That’s one of my favourite ones…to be called crazy
I remember when I was young and saw my dad working on computers. And the guy he was working with ended up being a bad guy. And the guys that helped him, that he had the voice to find, didn’t have the same motivation, a high enough skill set to match up to his vision, to his dream, for it to be considered to be a success. But the success is that his successor will be successful in his lifetime. You could say "But you are successful?" i’m successful in learning about the beauty that is afforded to rich people. But in learning that, being brought up, middle class, it’s something that is beating out of my chest. ‘Wait a second, I was middle class, and I didn’t get to see none of this shit!’
Let’s have an NBC telethon moment, and say that beauty has been stolen from the people and is being sold back to them under the concept of luxury!
It’s illegal to not wear clothes, and also possibly too cold. That means someone is imposing an idea on you that should legally have to do! Clothing should be like food. There should never be a $5000 sweater. You know what should cost $5000? A car should be $5000. And you know who should work on the car? The people that work on the $500,000 cars. All the best talent in the world needs to work for the people. And I am so fucking serious about this concept that I will stand in front of anyone and fight for it. Because I was 14 and middle class. I know what it felt like to not get what I have
People say to me ‘you’re successful, what are you crying about?’. I’m crying about the people. I’m crying about their daughters. Our daughters, as one family. What good is it? What good is anything that everyone can’t have? Every ism. They think we’re done with racism. What about elitism, what about separatism, what about classism? That’s all
'ey baby, am I crazy?
Or was you givin me the eye?
You said maybe? (Yea) Well, you crazy
Because I know I'm too fly
Already know I'm too fly
Already know I'm too fly (You hype!)
Already know I'm too fly
Yeah, I know what you like



Yeah
Yeah! That's what I'm talkin about!
Let's do it... Kanye West, c'mon turn me up and
Black Thought, c'mon turn me up and
Pharoahe Monch, c'mon turn me up and
Talib Kweli in the house with
Guerrilla Monsoon rap - all the shorties like "who dat?"
Got the whole crowd like "how ya do dat?"
Nigga you, get smacked 'til ya blue black
And ya crew, give me dap like true dat
We come through and all the shorties like "who dat?"
Got the whole crowd like "how ya do dat?"
Nigga you, get smacked 'til ya blue black
And ya crew, give me dap like true dat



Guerrilla Monsoon rap - all the shorties like "who dat?"
Got the whole crowd like "how ya do dat?"
Nigga you, get smacked 'til ya blue black
And ya crew, give me dap like true dat
We come through and all the shorties like "who dat?"
Got the whole crowd like "how ya do dat?"
Nigga you, get smacked 'til ya blue black
And ya crew, give me dap like true dat



Guerrilla Monsoon rap - all the shorties like "who dat?"
Got the whole crowd like "how ya do dat?"
Nigga you, get smacked 'til ya blue black
And ya crew, give me dap like true dat
We come through and all the shorties like "who dat?"
Got the whole crowd like "how ya do dat?"
Nigga you, get smacked 'til ya blue black
And ya crew, give me dap like true dat
I know what it's like to feel down little girl
I hope someone lifts you up like the big guy who lifted me up
I'm talkin about the big guy right here: Cleveland Brown
Not long ago I was lower than Lohan
No plan, a lost man, raisin' my little girl in a Cadillac Brougham
My quest success, but my life was a mess
Poor Kenny West, no zest, anti-depressed
Not dressed to impress
Matter fact more stressed
Than John Mayer waiting on his AIDS test
Then I met a man who taught me how to live large
Took me out of my car
Now I'm in his garage
Turns out all I needed was some inspiration
Like Mr. Miagi but a lot less Asian
My game was timid now my flow much bolder
Got a chubby brown angel on my shoulder, sayin'

Yeah
It's (a million)
I freestyle battle niggas for (a million)
How many niggas bit the soul? 'Bout (a million)
How many hoes did I bone? 'Bout (a million)
Uh-uh, uh-uh, it's (a million), uh-uh
There's (a million) ways to die, choose one
(A million)
Look, lot of people askin' 'bout the money I made, even Just Blaze
How are they for real, is them niggas really paid?
Rappers I met or dealt with direct
Is it true he won't send a beat tape until he get a check?
What's the position you hold?
Can you really match the Neptunes, check by check
If "H to the Izzo" is the only single that went gold?
If Roc-a-Fella shit fold and you move back to the 'Go
Is it back to ghost producer for D. Dot on the low?
For the millionth time askin' me
Questions like Toni Braxton, harassing me
Like, "You don't care about my son's feelings?"
Can I get a minute, you wack bitch? I ain't gotta jack shit
You heard "Takeover", who running this rap shit?
Ugh, fake tits, shut up and make hits
Can't we all just get along, spread love like Take 6?
What, you doin' beats in LA for Eminem and Dr. Dre?
Them niggas sold ten mill, I'm trying to get paid
We do this shit for entertainment
Bring guns to the arraignment
While the judge in the chamber
Let one up out the chamber, BLAOW!
How many years did I wait? About (a million)
How many niggas tryin' to hate? About (a million)
But when a nigga count his cake, it's 'bout (a million)
Yeah
'04, College Dropout, I make the game different
I don't know what the hell y'all niggas been sniffin'
'Ye still flicking, hoes is my addiction
Five days out the week, you'll find me in the kitchen
Smashing the game, nigga, unlike you
'Cause these beats change the game and the hook's right too
I'm a crook like you
Cats back in the Chi was buying tracks for dirt cheap
Man, what could I do?
Knowing I'm supposed to style, I'm the fly-boy poster child
'Bout to be on Oprah now
It's ironic and whatnot how I put no ice in the Bulgari watch
Just to make it hot
Now you see me on stages, my hit résumés is two pages
For them niggas who played us
Feet just raises, booming like Masta Ace's
"Stand Up", number one, and there's more to come
All I got for hoes is hard dick and bubblegum
While y'all brick like Fred, Barney Rubble and them
Chi-Town in this bitch, what's fucking with them?
Not a damn thing, nigga, we doing our damn thing, BLAOW!
(A million)
Yeah
(A million)
Heaven only know, heaven only know
Heaven only know, heaven only know
Heaven only know, heaven only know
Heaven only know, heaven only know
Last night was the worst night
Beginning of the end
Or maybe it began before and here we go again
Things got so dramatic
Things got out of hand
We said words we couldn't imagine
I don't understand
There you go with the same old thing
When things go wrong you always seem to blame me
Now I would like to find what secrets hide in your mind
Where the end will go?
Will I ever know?
Heaven only knows
Heaven only know, heaven only know
Heaven only know, heaven only know
Heaven only know, heaven only know
Heaven only know, heaven only know
Let's make this night the best night
It's time for second chance
Turn the beat up on repeat and we can start to dance
Sometimes when we're talking
Words get drowned out by the sound
Let's get back to touching and we'll get back on solid ground
Let's hold hands
Like the young romance
Let's first kiss like the moment we first did
Can we make love like way back in the day, love?
We can lose control, baby don't say no
Heaven only knows
Heaven only know, heaven only know
Heaven only know, heaven only know
Heaven only know, heaven only know
Heaven only know, heaven only know
Will you come back to me? Will you come back to me?
Will you come back to me? Will you come back to me?
Will you come back to me? Will you come back to me?
Will you come back to me? Will you come back to me?
Make this night the best night
It's time for second chance
Turn the beat up on repeat and we could start to dance
Heaven only know, heaven only know
Heaven only know, heaven only know
Heaven only know, heaven only know
Heaven only know, heaven only know



...
I don’t want to come off dissing “Dark Fantasy.” It’s me never being satisfied and then me coming and admitting and saying the truth. As much as I can air things out for other people, to air things out for myself, to say, “I feel like this could’ve been stronger.”
...

...

...

This album is moments that I haven’t done before, like just my voice and drums. What people call a rant — but put it next to just a drumbeat, and it cuts to the level of, like, Run-D.M.C. or KRS-One. The last record I can remember — and I’m going to name records that you’ll think are cheesy — but like, J-Kwon, “Tipsy.” People would think that’s like a lower-quality, less intellectual form of hip-hop, but that’s always my No. 1. There’s no opera sounds on this new album, you know what I mean? It’s just like, super low-bit. I’m still, like, slightly a snob, but I completely removed my snob heaven songs; I just removed them altogether.
It’s like I wanna spit something written
But keep forgetting
So I guess it’s from the heart from the start
Played my part
Seemed like I just wasn’t reaching the charts
5000 hours, rewritting Power
Over and over
Some nights sober, some nights gone off the Henny as usual
So unusual to be in this position
Everything I say everybody tryna diss ‘em
Everybody playin him, truth be told
The last nigga ever let the truth be told
And oh Mos Def ran to my home
And said they gon have yo ass gone
Light jokes, you keep playin with them white folks
Can't even take the piss
They gon’ test your urine
Cut all the sponsorship for the touring!
“Where the Dark Fantasy tour at Ye?”
I dont know, ask, ask Hennesy (thats Coca-Cola)
Say ‘he ain't clean enough’
But rappers ain't mean enough?
Enough lashes like I ain't seen enough
On the real, this is like the neo-Emmitt Till
Whistling, get yo fuckin' ass killed
Lets keep this shit real!
Now who the realest
Everybody feel this
And everyday of my life, people try to tell me that I hate the whites
Cause I said what's right
I go to sleep and deal wit it every night
And wake up every morning
And walk to the liquor store or coffee store shop on the Mersa whats worser?
Its no verse that would reverse the-
In print or in cursive
They curse the name, or maybe call me Kane
Let's have a ‘toast for the douche bags’
Black people wanna talk about me on blogs
Cause I like clothes like, 'look at this fag'
Thats what I have to deal wit real shit
Yall dont even understand, what it take to be a real man
A black man interested in art, speaking from the heart and playin’ my part
And all this illuminati talk, like my first hit single wasn't ‘Jesus Walks’
For many years, these ain't rhymes these is muthaf-cking tears
They playin’ wit niggas careers
Felt like I’m the only real nigga here
From my last breath
They kicked me out the awards and my nigga Diddy left
Then they even sent Beyoncé up to give the award back
Didn’t even know I afford that
And she rode the wave as I rode the slave
As I felt like a slave as they try to put my shit up in the grave
Nigga behave, nigga behave
Be the first one
I bet ya no one else would ever say nuttin’ and stay frontin’
And get up and just perform, shit is enormous
Shout out to Steve Stout, you know what this shit ’bout
My whole family, now I’m scared of Grammy’s
Cause everybody know that Dark Fantasy was the highest rated album in history
So I just avoided it, not to be exploited, not to be recorded
'Cause I cannot afford it, I cannot afford more shit to be impor-ted
Uh, it’s too real for these niggas, you feel for these niggas
How I feel to be a black man, you say something wrong, nobody understand
Money, power, black, opinion, pick two, they would kill ya
No matter what goes on
They may not agree, they may not understand
But God got a plan, to put the mic in my hand
And his hand and that hand
And ideas, and all of theres
And the end, everybody up in here, in this atmosphere
So make it clear, live long and prosper
Much success, even if you wish me the opposite
To quote Nas, I stay on my job
Try to pray to keep my heart from going harm
And I ain't perfect, you know that from old me
My life is real even when I’m in the movies
I’m on the ave, I’m in the cave
I buried my Grandmother on Thursday, two weeks ago
My life is real, as it ever been
To all my friends and even foes
Each and every one of those, let em know
I shine a globe, even in the dark, stay smart
Stay sharp, as a harp played by a musician in this position
Feel blessed to make the whole World listen
And just glisten without even trying
Even when I die, I won't stay dead
And its straight off the head, and its straight out the lungs
Looking fly, fresh, old man, so young
And I’m straight from the slums
And never been above so the ba-bum-ba-bum-bum-pum-pum…
This thing ups, let us all give some
Number one yo, I’m number none, no comparision
And make the whole world aware of it
Brooklyn in the building we take care of it
Peace out to all the Sagittarius
And happy birthday Pisces and Aries too
And this go out to all area crew
And if you come from the seven-eighteen then you just like me
From the present, and the past and the future and beyond
Me and Lupe and Kanye we play the song and get it on
I been waiting
For a minute
Pour out, ayy
Pour out, everyday, you know
I wish I would let a hater fuck my life up
I don't care, but I'm closer now
When I'm on, an' we gon' light the light up
Help me out when I'm goin' down
See, before I let you go
One last thing I need to let you know
You ain't never seen nothing crazier than
This nigga when he off his Lexapro
Had more than another episode
Last down I'm down in Mexico
Asking me why the hell I test the cove
Four times I say don't test me, hoe
Told you four times don't test me, hoe
Now we finna lose all self-control
But you ain't finna be raising your voice at me
Especially when we in the Giuseppe store
But I'ma have the last laugh in the end
Cause I'm from a tribe called check a hoe
Yeah, I'ma have to laugh in the end
Cause I'm from a tribe called check a hoe
And I

Ahh, ahh
Ahh, ahh
Ahh, ahh
Ahh, ahh

Don't stop your loving
Don't stop for nothing
No, not for nothing
They don't wanna see me love you
Nah, don't stop it
They always love it
They always wanna
They don't wanna see me love you
They don't wanna see me love you
They don't wanna see me love you
They don't wanna see me love you
They don't wanna see me love you
They don't wanna see me love you
They don't wanna see me love you
They don't wanna see me love you

You're kissing me and saying I'm the one you need
To keep you warm and lay with you tonight
Baby, I feel the same way, I don't want to leave
Wanna hold you close and feel your love inside
But I don't wanna play myself
'Cause I know you're with someone else
And I don't need complications in my life
And I don't wanna fall back in
And get caught up in you again
Boy, I'm so conflicted in my mind
Boy, you keep saying stay the night
Just let me rock you till the morning light
It's cold outside and much too late to drive
You know I need you, baby, I'm so lost without your love
Obviously, procrastinating just to be
Close to you a little longer now, boy
It's hard for me to break away from you, baby
Never could resist you and I still haven't learned how
And I don't wanna be a fool
But it's hard when it comes to you
And I'm feeling vulnerable tonight
'Cause I don't wanna miss the chance
Of reliving our sweet romance
Boy, I'm so confused down deep inside
Oh, you keep saying stay the night
Just let me rock you till the morning light
It's cold outside and much too late to drive
You know I need you, baby, I'm so lost without your love
(Baby stay, baby stay, baby stay)
(Baby stay, baby stay, baby stay)
(Lost without your love)
(Baby stay, baby stay, baby stay)
Oh, you keep saying stay the night
Just let me rock you till the morning light
It's cold outside and much too late to drive
You know I need you, baby, I'm so lost without your love
(Baby stay, baby stay, baby stay)
(Stay tonight)
(Stay tonight) You keep on playing
And you keep on saying
(Stay tonight) Baby
And you keep on, keep on, keep on saying
(I'm so lost without your love)
And you keep on saying
(Stay tonight)
Baby, baby, baby... oh
(Stay tonight) And you keep on, keep on, keep on saying, baby
And you keep on saying
(Stay tonight) Stay
Yeah, yeah
I don't love you (Yeah)
I don't love you (You know who you are)
I don't love you no more
Yeah, nigga (Yeah, you)
Kanye West on the track, by the way
I don't love you (Yeah)
I don't love you (Yo, Keyshia?)
No no
I don't love you (Okay)

Surely you'll break my heart but I'll be there beside you
(She said "Don't break my heart")
Surely you'll break my heart but I'll be there beside you
(She said "Don't break my heart")
Surely you'll break my heart but I'll be there beside you
With lots of love to give
(Love to give...you, you)
Love to give
Love to give
It was a dream day, met her on spring break
Look like the type that be like "No hable inglés"
She said you look like you rap, where's your bling'e?
And yours clothes is tight but you don't seem gay
I said naw, thats dude from NSYNC'e
She wasn't married, kept her ring on her pinky
She said "You know I dont be datin' rappers"
I said I got my SAG card, baby I'm an actor
Seen her again at All Star weekend, she ain't have tickets
And she ain't into hoopers, she was there to kick it
With her roommate who was a video vixen
Spend so much on outfits she's about to get evicted
Said "I'm married to this rap shit, looking for a mistress"
You can be by my side like Flavor and Delicious
Long as you ain't scared of the kitchen and the dishes
She said "you one of them fishes, I know your mind switches", and
Time revolve, we fell in love as crazy as Nas
And them broads was textin cuz I stop calling them
I met the parents, watch the game with her father and
Questions of marriage and I start dodging them
What happen to me happens to lots of men
Get deep in love and then your needing some oxygen
As far as wives I was thinking like Solomon
She said "there you go, breakin my heart again!"





I'm in the club doin the same old two step
While Omegas doin the same old Q step
I have my money on my mind she was thinkin' green
She's a pledge AKA she was kickn' green
I want a good girl she want a gentleman
We sayin' the same thing like a synonym
I wasn't really spittin' game I was scrimmagin'
My penmanship is so hard I need censorship
I'm a Chicagoian till Chicago end
Till we blow like Chicago wind
I don't know what's better, gettin' laid or gettin' paid
I just know I'm gettin' one, the other's gettin' away


They boarded up my favorite bar
The Frenchman lost his restaurant
And the secret alleys were rearranged
I woke one day and it had changed
My city's gone
My city's gone
Feeling lost in inevitable
On forty-three, my heart once beat
On forty-five, I came alive
And there was a spirit, so young and free
It spoke to you, it spoke to me

I met a man who coughed and swore
That it had been changing since it was born
That it was I and nothing more
From twenty-three to thirty-four
My city's gone
My city's gone
And I have to go
My city's gone
I still found me back in the mall
I will not decline
Still feeling lost and nothing more
I feel lost in time
Does anybody happen to know (Happen to know)
Way after I'm
Still feeling lost and manageable
I say nothing's right
Tell it all from the heart
I'm sitting out at the bar
Tell it all that I'm making my way
Yeah
Yo...let me, let me, let me, let me tell you why - why
This nigga...why we dedicated this song to this kind of nigga
Cuz number one, duke is drivin' in the motherfuckin' projects
With a - with a Sebring, and with - with a rag off
Y'na'mean? Y-you not ballin' like that play-boy
Straight up, then the bitch you got playin' shotgun
Like, I used to serve that bitch, c'mon
Really really good, I mean and you gotta shirt and tie
You wack ass nigga...
Wack niggas...I don't even like to be around 'em
Give 'em dap or pound 'em
See 'em out, they houndin' dawg
Sayin' they got tracks for me to get down on
Sayin' they hot when that shit don't even sound warm
Nigga I'm nasty, my style is sound porn
The graphic, exposin' wack asses
I emcee as free as Ol' Dirty Bastard
You think you Catholic tryin' to appeal to the masses
The Cassius Clay of rap today
Rock a beard like Castaway
You couldn't be dope for even half a day
We keep it hot like its after May
Smoke a nigga then I pass to K
The pastor say we goin' to mass today
We have to pray, these niggas is wack 'n' eh
I have to say, since Pac passed away
Most these niggas don't even deserve a track from me
First of all let's get rid of them Louis Vuitton boots
And get yo tall ass out that C Class coupe
Y'see the whiskay had them girls feelin' friskay
You was with mey, she said "Who's the sissay?"
And even if they did wanna get bizzay
Freaky like Missay and roll the weed up
You would roll three blunts and fuck up three blunts
Motherfucka you would fuck up a free lunch, dawg
Just keep it right thurr like Chingay
Yo girl don't like me how long has shee been gay
Spanish girls tell ya "No hable ingle"
And everbody wanna run to me for they single
It's funny how these wack niggas need my help
Wasn't around when I couldn't feed myself
Dawg, if I was you I wouldn't feel myself
Dawg, if I was you I'd kill myself
(Wack nigga) Wake up in the morning dawg, and you a
(Wack nigga) I'd kill myself if I was that
(Wack nigga) Everything you wear and rock, is just
(Wack nigga) Even if you flossin' rocks you still
(Wack nigga) You can't do it dawg, you's a
(Wack nigga) Bitin' ass, bitch ass, trick ass
(Wack nigga) Even your daughter says "My daddy's a - "
(Wack nigga - You wack nigga!)
You know you wack when ya dawgs tell you
That's how you know ya flow is weak
Cuz you only got them there to 'Say Yes' like Floetry
The clique that I oversee ain't impressed by ya poetry
You're the place you're supposed to be
You ain't ain't comin' close to me
It ain't that you underrated
It's more that you're under dated
And mediocre at best is all the hoes you've ever dated
For all your guest appearances
You couldn't get the clearances
For them it's just a check they don't respect you as a lyricist
Look at what ya lyrics is, Murder, Death, Kill
But you never shot nothin', never have, never will
Better add on to ya skills before you join this round robin
Of super emcees that'll add to ya problems
In the beginnin', God created man in his own image
I'm 'bout to tell you how the story gon' finish
Kweli handle his business, niggas don't forget it
Cause a wiseman can choose to get ignorant with it
Na'mean - you all can get it, I'm conisdered the nicest
The way I spit it give these niggas all identity crisis
All day talkin' that shit like, "You hold a gat, right?"
The trip you on must be short cause you pack light - act right
You got it twisted, tellin' niggas that you pack heat
You ain't gunning now, you runnin' like an athlete
You ballas need to quit rhymin' like Allen Ive
Start speakin' Nuwaubian and followin' Malachi
Or anything but rhyme, you need to sell drugs for real
Instead of on the radio, you'd be dead or in jail
All these thug niggas wanna rap
And all these rap niggas wanna thug
And all ya'll fuckin' the game up
It's time to change up, my lyrics rip ya frame up
Askin' if I'm nice like fuckin' with a chick
Who don't give head - that's a no-brainer
Niggas back bangers you don't even know the names of
I'mma bout to meet my quota, you about to meet ya Saviour
You wack nigga, you about to get shot
Fuck with Talib Kweli, that's how you get got boy!
Not that I'm wildin' or even promote violence
It's just you're fuckin' up my high, can a nigga smoke in silence?!
Kanye that nigga with heavy dough
Roll dro and a chevy low
Told a long time ago you can't fuck every ho
Whether in Jamaica or Cancun, Mexico
Baby don't be scurred, shake that ass like Mystikal
We got physical now she calling and beeping
Call when I'm sleepin, call my girl claimin we creepin
Bitch you nuts, look I only fucked you once
How you gone get the message, I ain't called you in months
Acting like Super Dave with them dumb ass stunts
Talking bout girls I could get her whatever she want (Whatever I want)
I'm like girls like you be wanted for warrants
Stalking of course, alone on the phone disguising your voice
Got your girls asking for Kay on the three way
Talking bout (You can't call a bitch on her BDay?)
Hmm, Tanisha its over with stop playin
Nah nah it's over. (So what you saying?)
Look you gotta bounce. (I don't wanna fuck with you)
(Get your hands off me!) Bitch I ain't touching you
Stop, Chill. Relax. okay
You know what she told me?
I'm never letting go
Never letting go
Never letting go
I'm crazy about you
(No you just crazy)
You believe this ho, pop up everywhere I go
Pop up at the show, pop up at the grocery store
Pop up in my kitchen like, "Oh you wash dishes here?"
Pop up in my bathroom, "Oh you take pisses here?"
Listen here we gone need some distance here
(Where I'm gone go?) I don't care, just disappear
You ain't my main bitch not even my main squeeze
Anyway, how the fuck you get a set of keys?
First she used them on my crib, then she used them on my whip
And wrote on the side, "Kanye you ain't shit"
You believe this bitch? Man, did you see this shit!?
Did she just knock my windows out on my Escalade? (Ha yeah nigga!)
That's a twelve fuckin' hundred dollar estimate
She must've took off all yesterday just to hate
Restraining orders ain't stopping her
She the reason caller I.D. so popular
Across the street now with some fuckin binoculars
Screaming at the top of her lungs, "I'm never letting go!"
Had enough of the stalker shit got to put her in line
Count back from ten when I got to nine I grabbed mine
Before I gotta do what I gotta do after blue she lying
Like "Nigga you put your hands on me for the last time"
Tried to get you over your uncles to come and jump me
Take my cash and punk me
With my ass and trump me
I stump them fuckin chunkies
Just look at yo niece
She beat her own ass and called the police
(Pregnant with his baby yeah he still getting rough with me!)
And to my crib scuff me up and put the cuffs on me
My momma dropped that five hundo and got me out of custody
Girl left a note on my door (Nigga don't ever fuck with me)
And all the time I got to thinkin that I'm the man
Hottest nigga on the block and shit I got a fan
I'm like a swole nigga thought that he could lift the van
Somebody please come and take this bitch up off my hands!
You don't understand, man
Uh oh, uh oh, these hoes, these hoes, all the same, all the same
All want a nigga with a chain
Uh oh, uh oh, these hoes, these hoes, all the same, all the same
Want a nigga whippin that range
Uh oh, uh oh, these hoes, these hoes, all the same, all the same
Want a nigga banging they brains
Uh oh, uh oh, these hoes, these hoes, these hoes, these hoes, these hoes
I'ma need you to touch it, touch it, touch it
Or just kiss it, kiss it, shit do something, do something
Can you just touch it, touch it, touch it
Or just kiss it, kiss it, shit do something, do something

Yeah, she claiming that she didn't know
How to kiss it like she standing under miseltoe
My love game got you feeling so official though
I let you referee, just let your whistle blow
I'm never out of bounds, I'm on a higher ground
I'm never empty handed, coming from out of town
The Commes Des Garcons, the Christian Louboutin
The J Brand jeans look like you drew 'em on
I don't deny it, baby I just buy it
Once I get the mood right, maybe you should try it
Alas, I'm past on my past
I ran like the flash and I saved the best for last
See we can take it slow, or we can take it there
I'm thinking lap dance and you should take a chair
We both give a little, we just play it fair
You see this back and forth, for me it's kinda rare
Put out cards on the table, let's play truth or dare
Let your hair down, I don’t have you pegged as a square
Just let loose as you ride in that ruthless
You my new girl, you allowed to give me goose neck
We don't give a damn, who's watching
Me slowing down, not an option
And the buck hair's waving in the wind
You are such a champ how you take it on the chin
Yo Hip-Hop, Is niggas still talkin bout I can't rap, come on now
Look for me, Young K
Took 2Pac beat and got paid
My favorite rapper is Makaveli, Nas and Jay-Z
Eminem, Mase, Biggie Smalls and me
Now if you was my girlfriend you don't need no guyfriend
He could get his head bust nigga ain't my friend
Why the hell you lying who the hell you trying
Who the hell you know that threw away his throwbacks
When they suggested they was made by Majestic
My Answers cost 350, ya nah'mean?
Doesn't even have got her number we ain't on the same team
You got the hat the jacket shoelaces to match
I got the gat ratching new cases to catch
I got my business manager erasing my debt
I mean my credit was so pathetic I couldn't get a debit
I fill out for a car but shit they always debt it
My girl come over try to help me shine
How you gonna help me get a car your credit worser than mine
But everytime I get a check you be first up in line
Told you bout gold-diggin bitch it's worser than lying
You better grow up before I blow up
Have weed rolled up when I show up
Matter fact we broke as fuck
Ain't nothing left to do except get tore up from the floor up
Shit that's how I knew you was my girlfriend
So I promise to never pick up smutts
In my Cadillac pick-up truck
They need to get they sit-ups up
They always be colder than you
A little richer a little thicker a litter older than you
Probably a little smarter so they can drop me some jewels
That I could drop back to you to get your ass back in college
So you can be where they at two years from now
But for now bartender two beers for now
The second one is for my girlfriend
I'm talkin bout when we was in Nissan's no Benz or such
We wasn't from Switzerland but we'll still go Dutch
Greater man could prob picture like there go us
No styles just good times like they're so nuts
We always thought if we had dough we could do so much
Like you ain't got to save the roach we can finish the Dutch
Like we ain't have to go coach told you i'll be paid soon
We ain't got to sit in this emergency aisle just to get leg room
We ain't got to go back to my room
There's only one bedroom that I call my lair
We was V.I.P
Very Imaginary Playaz
But you was my girlfriend yea yea yea you was my girlfriend
That's Right (Kanye)
Look for me





Change if you can do without the things I can't get you
Something  I been countin'-
When's  enough enough bae?
Mink coats, diamond rings and cash for you to burn
The kind of stuff you earn
When's  enough enough bae?
Shit,  I feel like
Feel like De Nero on Casino
Where  they got the sun up for the C-note
Rings and cash for you to burn
Know I'm shining when you growin' on the ice
The kind of stuff you earn
What  you expect? Me and the girl, she was blowin' on the dice
Run the game, thirty game for the-
Rings and cash for you to burn
The kind of stuff you earn
You can say what you want, you been lyin'
Change if you can do without the things I can't get you
Mink coats, diamond rings and cash for you to burn
The kind of stuff you earn
Rings and cash for you to burn
The kind of stuff you earn
Rings and cash for you to burn
The kind of stuff you earn
I'm a princess cut from marble, smoother than a storm
And the scars that mark my body, they're silver and gold
My blood is a flood of rubies, precious stones
It keeps my veins hot, the fires find a home in me
I move through town, I’m quiet like a fight
And my necklace is of rope, I tie it and untie it
And now people talk to me, but nothing ever hits home
People talk to me, and all the voices just burn holes
I’m done with it (ooh)
This is the start of how it all ends
They used to shout my name, now they whisper it
I'm speeding up and this is the
Red, orange, yellow flicker beat sparking up my heart
We’re at the start, the colors disappear
I never watch the stars, there’s so much down here
So I just try to keep up with them
Red, orange, yellow flicker beat sparking up my heart
I dream all year, but they're not the sweet kinds
And the shivers move down my shoulder blades in double time
And now people talk to me I'm slipping out of reach now
People talk to me, and all their faces blur
But I got my fingers laced together and I made a little prison
And I'm locking up everyone who ever laid a finger on me
I’m done with it (ooh)
This is the start of how it all ends
They used to shout my name, now they whisper it
I'm speeding up and this is the
Red, orange, yellow flicker beat sparking up my heart
We’re at the start, the colors disappear
I never watch the stars, there’s so much down here
So I just try to keep up with them
Red, orange, yellow flicker beat sparking up my heart
And this is the red, orange, yellow flicker beat
Sparking up my heart
And this is the red, orange, yellow flicker beat-beat-beat-beat
One, two, three
Oh






I'm the team's ayatollah
Ultrabeam out there solo
Oh these niggas dumb dumb
I didn't claim ya for the culture
Tryna keep my composure
(Nothin' but models in here, nothin' but dollars in here)
When I scream at the chauffeur
(Nothin' but dollars in here, nothin' but scholars in here)
I ain't mean, I'm just focused
I ain't mean, bitch I'm focused
Playin' king like it's poker (King like it's)
But you ain't dealin' with the Joker (You ain't with him)
Global warmin' gettin' closer (Closer)
Thank God I'm bipolar (Woo)
Whole life on the floater (Hold on the floater)
Don't need rings or the trophies (Only rings)
Glasses bangin' from the toasts, yeah (From the toast)
Have a drink for the coldest (Drink for the coldest)
Pour the lean out slower (Lean out slower)
Got us clean out of soda (Clean out)
Before the flood niggas judged
They did the same thing to Noah (God)
Everybody need Yandhi (They ain't need the culture)
My cousin's mad at my auntie (Mad at my auntie)
You bought a crib out the country (Mad at me)
You tryna Mitsubishi Galant me? (Skrrt!)
Yeah, this the one and only
You can't tell a unicorn from a pony
Live freedom, this is freedom
Fuck your feelings, you could keep 'em
Show your grin when you greet 'em
My nigga, kneel when you meet 'em
Know God when you see him
Love God, you gon' need him
Don't you love God, won't you hug God
This is God in the flesh
Come and touch God, give a blowjob
Kanye gave up the West
Kanye to Yeezy (Yeezy)
Maybe just Ye (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Fuck a slave name (Fuck a slave name)
Fuck a slave name (Fuck a slave name)
Copped the whole game for four hundred years
The prophecy 2019
Them niggas is woke, those niggas is woke
Them niggas ain't woke like me
Hop off the boat like me
Y'all don't want smoke like me
Y'all supposed to be mad at them
Y'all ain't supposed to fight me

Number one spot, you been cheatin' on me (Ye, Ye)
Niggas get you and be thinkin' they me (Ye, Ye)
You could be you but you never be me (Ye, Ye, Ye, Ye)
You never be me (Ye, Ye, Ye, Ye)
Yeah, yeah, yeah (Ye, Ye, Ye, Ye)
The universe is on our side (Ye, Ye, Ye, Ye)
If you woke, then wake up, nigga
Stomp, stomp, we make up, nigga
Stop killing and make up, nigga
That's the shit that shake up niggas
Song sound like a gave up, nigga
God's something they can't front, nigga
Stab your back, they can't front, nigga
Drop us off where we want, nigga
Ain't no wantin', we need it, huh
We must have, we ain't greedy, huh
Stomp, stomp, they been needy, huh
Told the money, "They ain't see me, huh"
We ain't the product, we are the juice
We going wild, we staying loose
Home for the Zeus, we got the proof (Yeezy, Yeezy)
(Yeezy, Yeezy)
Niggas is wrong, fuck what they do
We in the streets (Yeezy), we goin' through (Yeezy)
We like the we (Yeezy), y'all niggas you (Yeezy)
Hold up for you (Yeezy), you, you, you, you (Yeezy)
Hoo, hoo, hoo, hoo
Hoo, hoo, hoo, hoo
Hoo, hoo, hoo, hoo
Hoo, hoo, hoo, hoo
Hoo, hoo, hoo, hoo
Hoo, hoo, hoo, hoo
Hoo, hoo, hoo, hoo
Hoo, hoo, hoo, hoo










La, la, la la
Wait 'til I get my money right

La, la, la la
Wait 'til I get my money right
La, la, la la
Then you can't tell me nothing, right?
Excuse me, was you saying something?
Uh uh, you can't tell me nothing
You can't tell me nothing
Uh uh, you can't tell me nothing

Yeah, homie this a theme song
First I get my money right, then I get my team on
If I always pray to have gleam on
$300 jeans on, do that mean I dream wrong?
And I was high as a Learjet
Fly as the insect, even though we in debt
And it don't matter if I get her number
Cause when I get my money right she gon' come running
And I'll be good like "God" with an extra "O"
God knows that my check needs some extra 0's
And you know that you need to bring some extra hoes
Not in jogging pants either, tell them wear some sexy clothes
Now my game so professional
And my chain so fresh, they go (oh oh oh oh oh)
Right after the fame did you gain anything?
Damn Ye, would you change anything?
But (If I had a billion dollars)
I'd cop more pink polos and pop those collars
Misery love company, her nickname Sorrow
My Benz need company, her nickname Tahoe
“Wait 'til get my money,” everybody motto
So I'mma need a bravo for everything I wrote
Yeah, hey mama they can't hate him
Cause after all of the drama, K slayed 'em
Uh, Felli Fel, Ne-Yo, Yeezy, Calm Down, Easy, Easy

Right about this time raise your glasses
What's my motivation, that ass is
Start a conversation, like as if
You really want to know about a day in that shit
Go ahead and tell the DJ to play Swizz
So I ain't gotta tell these hoes who I is
Bitches hatin' again that's music to my ears
What's you think my fuel was for all of these years?
I'm inspired when people don't like me
It keep me writing so exciting
Man, the drama is so enticing
I might just bite a motherfucker like Tyson
And just too fly a motherfucker show your chain
Throw your cash, that's cake and icing
I asked her 'you buying?'
She said 'no just sight seeing''
Maybe that's just because you ain't found the right thing? Yet!




Runaway, did I make you runaway? Did I make you runaway?
How many people came with the one they love tonight?
Runaway, did I make you runaway? Did I make you runaway?
How many people came with the one they love tonight?
You know love ain't always gon' be easy
Especially when people in your business like the way they do Yeezy
And ladies? I know you girls gon' be
Always talk 'bout what he did
Fellas? I know you guys
Always talk 'bout what she did
Y'all be going through up's and down's
Havin' fights and shit
I want you do a favor
First of all, just for the ladies
I just want you do me more favor
And y'all please now checking e-mails, cause I
Got it in the e-mails so guys get away with shit and some
I'm just serious, I'm just serious, I'm just serious
But for real 'bout tonight
If you love someone tonight hold onto'em real tight
If you love somebody tonight hold onto'em real tight, real tight, real tight
If you love someone tonight hold onto'em real tight
If you love somebody tonight hold onto'em real tight, real tight, real tight
Cause I always find, yeah I always find
If I told you I can make ... tonight
Don't listen to me baby cause I'm an asshole
And you always find, and you always find
Yeah I always find, yeah I always find
If I told you I can make the way to heaven tonight
Don't listen to me baby cause I'm an asshole
And you always find, yeah you always find
Yeah I always find, yeah I always find
If I told you I won every single bill 'bout you every minute I had to
Don't listen to me cause I'm an asshole
And you always found and the one place I fucked up
I thought you'd always be mine, I thought you'd always be mine
I thought you'd always be mine and if I say I didn't love you, I was lying
I swear to God I was lying, I swear to God I was lying
I swear to God I was lying, I swear to God I was lying
So do me a favor
If you love someone tonight hold onto'em real tight
If you love somebody tonight hold onto'em real tight, real tight, real tight
If you love someone tonight hold onto'em real tight
If you love somebody tonight hold onto'em real tight, real tight, real tight
Uh, yeah
Uh, uh
Hopped off the Amistad and made "I'm a God"
It's always a lituation when I'm involved
It's always a lituation when I'm involved
See, I say what they say when the mic is off
Parents are the strippers, strip kids of they confidence
Teach white dominance, question your common sense
See, I've been washed in tradition and I'ma rinse
Hopped off the Amistad and made "I'm a God"
It's always a lituation when I'm involved
See, I say what they say when the mic is off
Shit, you want my shoes?
You want my shirt?
My jewels too, nigga?
Well you need gon' getcha some, gon' gon' getcha some
Gon' getcha, gon' getcha some, gon' gon' getcha some
Gon' getcha, gon' getcha some, gon' gon' getcha some
Gon' getcha, gon' getcha some, gon' gon' getcha some
Fresh, fresh like I'm wrapped in plastic
Polo, Louie to Gucci, like that's one fresh jacket
They looking at a nigga, like that's one fresh bastard
I'm rich, bitch, see the shit that this cash get?
You can't afford the price, so why the hell would you ask it?
These faggots try and snatch it, get they ass in a casket
Ya honey love me, she admire the fashion
And I call her baby girl, just like her dad did
There's 100's on my paper like a smart ass class kid
Because I'm on top my route, like an ad lib
And you should holla mamma, Dolce and Gabbana mamma
Gotta a whole lot o' mamma, Fendi and the Prada so you need to
Gon' getcha some, gon' gon' getcha some
Gon' getcha some, gon' gon' getcha some
But to get boy you gotta be rich or something
And my attire hard, hard like my dick or something
I made more then ends meat
My nigga BIG told me he was bout the Benji's
I'm in the lime light 'til the point my skin green
And living my dreams 'til the point you should pinch me to convince me
Fresh, fresh like I'm wrapped in plastic
Polo, Louie to Gucci, like that's one fresh jacket
They looking at a nigga, like that's one fresh bastard
I'm rich, bitch, see the shit that this cash get?
Well you need to, gon' getcha some, gon' gon' getcha some
Gon' getcha some, gon' gon' getcha some
Gon' getcha some, gon' gon' getcha some
Gon' getcha some, gon' gon' getcha some
If I told you where to get it, you niggas still wouldn't grab it
Just to pronounce it, you gotta add an accent
And they ask, can they call me grocery store?
Cause my pockets full of paper and plastic
Man, you not avoiding my Asian persuasion
Excuse the lil Ape in ya face, it stays Bathing
And when the heat blaze on high beams
You scream, I scream
For some cold ass ice cream
You need to gon' getcha some, gon' gon' getcha some
Gon' getcha some, gon' gon' getcha some
Pose for the hoes, they might wanna take a pic or something
Hop up in the ride, they might wanna let me stick or something
There's some things, I don't like, I love them Nike's
But not the white on white's, forget the price tags
Cause I get what I like, and your girl looking for me
Because she like the pipe, ya dig?
Fresh, fresh like I'm wrapped in plastic
Polo, Louie to Gucci, like that's one fresh jacket
They looking at a nigga, like that's one fresh bastard
I'm rich, bitch, see the shit that this cash get?
Well you need to, gon' getcha some, gon' gon' getcha some
Gon' getcha some, gon' gon' getcha some
Gon' getcha some, gon' gon' getcha some
Gon' getcha some, gon' gon' getcha some
Dog, the fabric on my ass is satin and its sad n
You think you could afford this fabric
When it comes to the hoes I'm the man like Shaft is
Cuz I'm clean cut and handle them like baggage
Atheists turn Christian when I rock my True Religions
Dog, It's that real when I'm rockin pastelle?
These niggas wanna wonder what they have on me?
I'm stickin to my roots like LRG
Go n getcha some, go go an getcha some (x2)
Pose for the hoes they might wanna take a pic or somethin
Hop up in the ride they might wanna let me stick em some
The rag 'round my neck complement the outfit
I'm out with brawds you be watchin from your couches
But I'mma need money power respect
Find a little piece of Jesus and I threw em round my neck
That's
Fresh, fresh like I'm wrapped in plastic
Polo, Louie to Gucci, like that's one fresh jacket
They looking at a nigga, like that's one fresh bastard
I'm rich, bitch, see the shit that this cash get?
Well you need to, gon' getcha some, gon' gon' getcha some
Gon' getcha some, gon' gon' getcha some
Gon' getcha some, gon' gon' getcha some
Gon' getcha some, gon' gon' getcha some
W-W-W- Well Done
Let’s try some different shit
Ahhh
I’m so flashy, you so ratchet
Twelve jewels fashion with a pedal to Matchin'
New Maybach, that’s a hit nigga
Could’ve been the 3rd member, the clipse nigga
Listen niggas, I go grizzly that’s Memphis nigga
Ross rap that 24, ain’t gotta convince niggas
Early pimpin, throw like Blake Griffin
Lips zip it
Niggas gossip like it’s tradition
These bitches can’t drive my car
The melt engine, hell’s risen
Ride Diablo to a baptism, he Christian
Fear nothing but God, kill all except women and children
I don’t testify not in my interest
Persistence, diligence, the skill I bring can feed the hunger mission
Got the whole world, fill em on my brand but they won’t mention it
You afraid of my accomplishments
You a bitch, straight up got a taser for my bitch with a laser
And she just wishin' for a genie in the bottle
This is not a novel, we no feel for sorrow and it shine tomorrow
Super dollars like a super lotto, shootin' at yo collar
Now you sippin' soup to swallow
Go throwin' in the towel
Our time is now but we devour everything we offer
Then pop it up but drink and blow a sake
Mr. kick shit Myiagi
Wax on, wax off
Ferrari, she gon' lick the lolly
I am not the baby boy terazi, slick lody
Laughin at yo clown pose, you bust into you
I got arsenal, time to give to be impossible
Options to embarrass you, I just choose what God would do
Can’t waste my time on you
Fuckers can’t rhyme no more
Bout crime no more
Made so much money at home, didn’t even tour
My fans waitin', savin' up for greatness, I appreciate it
Let’s get back to basics
Girl, you're workin' with some ass, yeah, you're bad, yeah
Make a nigga spend the cash, yeah, his bag, yeah
Girl, you're workin' with some ass, yeah, you're bad, yeah
Make a nigga spend the bag, yeah, his cash, yeah
Girl, you made it, you made it
Oh yeah, you made it, you made it
Baby girl, you made it, you made it
Oh yeah, you made it, you made it
It's been a long time comin' (Comin')
All these blessings rollin' in, I ain't even see 'em comin' (Comin')
Too hard, too hard, I been goin' too hard now, ah
They say I need a vacation, say I need to slow down
And I ain't tryna slow down
Pretty face with a bad attitude (Bad attitude)
Workin' like I got too much to lose (Too much to lose)
Built this shit up on two by twos
I want it now, I paid too many dues
Head up and my heels high (Heels high)
This what life supposed to feel like (Feel like)
Lookin' like I'm in the gym right (Gym right)
Takin' side pics, looking thick like (Thick like)
Girl, you're workin' with some ass, yeah, you're bad, yeah
Make a nigga spend the cash, yeah, his bag, yeah
Girl, you're workin' with some ass, yeah, you're bad, yeah
Make a nigga spend the bag, yeah, his cash, yeah
Girl, you made it, you made it
Oh yeah, you made it, you made it
Baby girl, you made it, you made it
Oh yeah, you made it, you made it
No more stressin'
I can't control God's timing, learned my lesson
Can't trust too many people, shit gets reckless
Mood rings, I've changed, I've changed
Who's really on my side now?
Who's really gettin' down now?
My baby told me true love, true love, every day, it's new love
Wake up to my daughter and my hubby, now that's crew love
Guess I never knew love
Head up and my heels high (Heels high)
This what life supposed to feel like (Feel like)
Throw it back, throw it back now (Back now)
For the nine-nine and the two thou'
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Girl, you're workin' with some ass, yeah, you're bad, yeah
Make a nigga spend the cash, yeah, his bag, yeah
Girl, you're workin' with some ass, yeah, you're bad, yeah
Make a nigga spend the bag, yeah, his cash, yeah
Girl, you made it, you made it
Oh yeah, you made it, you made it
Baby girl, you made it, you made it
Oh yeah, you made it, you made it
Self-love is the best love (Best love), yeah, yeah
Self-love is the best love, yeah, yeah (Yeah, yeah)
Self-love is the best love (Best love), yeah, yeah (Yeah, yeah)
Self-love is the best love (Best love), yeah, yeah
You made it, yeah, yeah
Oh, yeah, yeah (Oh, yeah, yeah)
Mmm, yeah, yeah (Mmm, yeah, yeah)
Mmm, yeah, yeah, uh
Head up and your heels high (Heels high)
Head up and your heels high (Heels high)
Head up and your heels high (Heels high)
Ayy, uh
Girl, you're workin' with some ass, yeah, you're bad, yeah (Bad, yeah)
Girl, you're workin' with some ass, yeah, you're bad, yeah
And the dog is out, arf arf arf arf
And the dog is out, arf arf arf arf
And the dog is out, arf arf arf arf
It's just D
And the dog is out
Started gettin a little too big for the cage that I been trapped in
Cats new it was a problem, went from robbin to rappin
Guns got the clappin, another trip to the morgue
We all know why it's happenin, another bit by the dog
When there's nothin left to eat, I ate away at my soul
Felt destructive cause I don't give a fuck if I go
I know y'all been told I don't give a fuck about livin
Killin other dogs got you cats chasin Pigeons
Got me itchin to bring back the beast from within
What I catch I'mma eat, in the streets I'mma win
I've been top dog and I'mma stay top dog
So what the fuck you got to say dog?
You cats play games that dog ain't with
Suck my dick, behind my back dog ain't shit
Well this is it, from now on if you ain't out the camp
We out to vamp, put 'em up against the champ
You bitch
And the dog is out, arf arf arf arf
And the dog is out, arf arf arf arf
And the dog is out, arf arf arf arf
It's just D
And the dog is out, c'mon c'mon
I don't think you cats see too clearly
If it ain't that you must be deaf, cause y'all niggas don't hear me
But I know I got you scared to death
How many other niggas you know when you see 'em make you hold your breath?
All a nigga did was take a pause
Did a couple of movies and you thought this whole rap shit was yours?
Stop being greedy, when was the last time you gave to the needy
Believe me, I run through niggas like hallways with the cops behind
Give it to a nigga all day cause I pops the nine
Man listen, if you don't wanna see your man missin, man listen
I get dough like a nigga in a up north flick
And still roll like a nigga on some up north shit
The way dog flip out, cats'll never understand
Niggas be like "X I thought I was your man!"
Not!
This is dedicated to, this is dedicated to
The streets, this is dedicated to
My dogs is dogs that love to brawl
Bring as many as you got cause we gon fuck 'em all
Dicksucked in the hall
The same shorty thats puttin any work on her knees
I'm duckin her call
A dog is a dog is a dog for life, dog been a dog, dog in your wife
I got kids this age
But let 'em keep talkin slick and I'm gon put somethin hot up in his ribcage
When the dog is out, bitch ass niggas get bit or fucked
One or the two, and I'm not Ja Rule
Feel me? Aight
I've got something new for you
When it hits you won't know what to do
Relax let me move you
Don't resist it's in the air
Just one taste will take you there
Let it flow right through you
I know your getting tired of the same old thing
But I'm gon' break the rules gonna change the game
You'll be screaming my name
And I'm gonna take you places that you've never seen
You couldn't picture this in your wildest dreams
Don't fear cause you're here with me
Let's get lifted
(Lifted)
Ohh I'm gonna get you high
I'm really gonna blow your mind
We'll get lifted
(Lifted)
Your gonna feel it in your soul
And baby you will lose control
We'll get lifted
(High)
And once you take a hit of this
You won't ever wanna quit
You'll be so addicted
Then I'll have you spinning round and round
Crazy making freaky sounds
You won't want to come down
And then I'll have you seeing things and hallucinating
Even walking funny 'cause your legs are shaking
All night we'll be blazin'
I'll take you for a walk to the other side
We can get high and enjoy the ride
Hold tight and we'll be alright
We'll get lifted
(Lifted)
Ohh I'm gonna get you high
I'm really gonna blow your mind
We'll get lifted
(Lifted)
Your gonna feel it in your soul
And baby you will lose control
We'll get lifted
(High)
So come and go with me
(So much I wanna show you I'll take you there high)
Yeah I'll take you there come on let me take you there
I will show you
(So much I wanna show you I'll take you high, high)
Yeah I'll take you there come on let me take you there
I will show you
(So much I wanna show you I'll take you high, high)
Yeah I'll take you there come on let me take you there
(So much I wanna show you I'll take you high, high)









Ja, vi elsker dette landet,
som det stiger frem,
furet, værbitt over vannet,
med de tusen hjem, —
elsker, elsker det og tenker
på vår far og mor
og den saganatt som senker
drømmer på vår jord.
Og den saganatt som senker,
senker drømmer på vår jord.
{Vers 2]
Dette landet Harald berget
med sin kjemperad,
dette landet Håkon verget,
medens Øyvind kvad;
Olav på det landet malte
korset med sitt blod,
fra dets høye Sverre talte
Roma midt imot.
Bønder sine økser brynte
hvor en hær dro frem;
Tordenskjold langs kysten lynte,
så den lystes hjem.
Kvinner selv stod opp og strede
som de vare menn;
andre kunne bare grede,
men det kom igjen!
Visstnok var vi ikke mange,
men vi strakk dog til,
da vi prøvdes noen gange,
og det stod på spill;
ti vi heller landet brente
enn det kom til fall;
husker bare hva som hendte
ned på Fredrikshald!
Hårde tider har vi døyet,
ble til sist forstøtt;
men i verste nød blåøyet
frihet ble oss født.
Det gav faderkraft å bære
hungersnød og krig,
det gav døden selv sin ære —
og det gav forlik.
Fienden sitt våpen kastet,
opp visiret fór,
vi med undren mot ham hastet,
ti han var vår bror.
Drevne frem på stand av skammen,
gikk vi søderpå;
nå vi står tre brødre sammen,
og skal sådan stå!
Norske mann i hus og hytte,
takk din store Gud!
Landet ville han beskytte,
skjønt det mørkt så ut.
Alt, hva fedrene har kjempet,
mødrene har grett,
har den Herre stille lempet,
så vi vant vår rett.
Ja, vi elsker dette landet,
som det stiger frem,
furet, værbitt over vannet,
med de tusen hjem.
Og som fedres kamp har hevet
det av nød til seir,
også vi, når det blir krevet,
for dets fred slår leir.
Final, time's off
Time's up, time off
Had it been, final
Turn it up, tie in all
Heaven all red, ooh
Done had it with this reign
It was written, so I read
Three stacks on the bed
I think they woke the dead
Think they woke the dead
They can't keep me on the meds, stop them all
But they, won't slow down my breath, uh
There's so many less, I think they woke the dead
I think they woke the dead
Think they woke the dead, stop them all
They can't keep me on the meds, stop them all
But they, won't slow down my breath, uh
There's so many less, I think they woke the dead
Just like David said
Runnin' for the bread
Designing for the blessed
There's so many less, I think they woke the dead
Stop them all, ah, ooh-yeah, stop them all (Ooh-yeah)
Stop them all, three stacks on the bed, stop them all
I think they woke the dead
Think they woke the dead
They can't keep me on the meds, stop them all
But they, won't slow down my breath, uh
There's so many less, I think they woke the dead
Final, time's off
Time's up, time off
Had it been, final
There's so many less, I think they woke the dead
Time drop, my loss
All they wish, my loss
Every stop, that's your loss
There's so many less, I think they woke the dead
Final, time's off
Time's up, time off
Had it been, final
There's so many less, I think they woke the dead
Sitting on a runway, time on my hands, thinking of you again
As I replay our conversations, pray that everything fell in place
Like a mirror lookin' back at me, sayin' you're the only one
Makin' me feel I could survive, so glad to be alive
Nowhere to run, I got a song to sing
Messed up inside and it's been raining all day
Since you went away, Southside serenade
Since you went away, Southside serenade
South-south-southside, southside
South-southside, southside
South-southside
Since you went away, Southside serenade
Since you went away, Southside serenade
South-south-southside




Heres a couple of things I can't honor man
How you listen to a girl that still wanna man
Tell me the truth is that a man or Juwanna Man
I'm wonderin why she ret ta go like Wanda then
When we met you was a V like Madonna, man
Now you in the field, runnin' plays like Donovan
McNabb before you get in a cab
I trade in my cash
Just to take you back to last summer, man
You don't remember when you was my sweetest
You don't remember I called you Reese's Pieces
'Cause it's no wrong way to do you know what
She turned around, giggled, said "You so nuts!"
But nowadays we actin' way too grown up
Like how ya ex girl get that new number
The rumors was so numerous
For sticking' by me, I had to give you two thumbs up
And that's why


Yo, Gee, they can't stop me from rapping, can they?
Can they, Hop?
Through the fire, to the limit, to the wall
(I spit it through the wire, man)
For a chance to be with you
I'd gladly risk it all
(There's too much stuff on my heart right now, man)
Through the fire (I'd gladly risk it all right now)
Through whatever, come what may (It's a life-or-death situation, man)
For a chance at loving you (Y'all, y'all don't really understand how I feel right now, man)
I'd take it all the way
(It's your boy Kanye to the... Chi-town, what's goin' on?)
Right down to the wire
Even through the fire
I drink a Boost for breakfast, an Ensure for dessert
Somebody ordered pancakes, I just sip the sizzurp
That right there could drive a sane man berserk
Not to worry, Mr. H-to-the-Izzo's back to wi-zerk
How do you console my mom or give her light support
Telling her her son's on life support?
And just imagine how my girl feel
On the plane, scared as hell that her guy look like Emmett Till
She was with me before the deal, she'd been trying to be mine
She a Delta, so she'd been throwing that Dynasty sign
No use in me tryin' to be lyin', I been tryin' to be signed
Tryin' to be a millionaire, how I used two lifelines
In the same hospital where B.I.G. and 2pac died
The doctor said I had blood clots, but I ain't Jamaican, man
Story on MTV and I ain't trying to make a band
I swear this right here, history in the making, man
Through the fire, to the limit, to the wall (I really apologize for everything right now if it's unclear at all, man)
For a chance to be with you (They got my mouth wired shut for like I dunno)
I'd gladly risk it all (The doctor said like six weeks, y'know he had, I had reconstructive surgery on my jaw)
Through the fire
Through whatever, come what may
(I looked in the mirror)
For a chance at loving you
(And half my jaw was in the back of my mouth, man, I couldn't believe it)
I'd take it all the way (But I'm still here for y'all right now, man)
Right down to the wire (This what I got to say right here, dawg)
Even through the fire (Yeah, turn me up, yeah)
What if somebody from the Chi' that was ill got a deal
On the hottest rap label around?
But he wasn't talking about coke and birds
It was more like spoken word
Except he's really putting it down?
And he explained the story about how blacks came from glory
And what we need to do in the game
Good dude, bad night, right place, wrong time
In the blink of a eye, his whole life changed
If you could feel how my face felt
You would know how Mase felt
Thank God I ain't too cool for the safe belt
I swear to God, Driver 2 wants to sue
I got a lawyer for the case to keep what's in my safe safe
My dawgs couldn't tell if I...
I looked like Tom Cruise in Vanilla Sky
All they heard was I was in an accident like GEICO
They thought I was burnt up like Pepsi did Michael
I must got a angel, ‘cause look how death missed his ass
Unbreakable, what, you thought they'd call me Mr. Glass?
Look back on my life like the Ghost of Christmas Past
Toys "R" Us where I used to spend that Christmas cash
And I still won't grow up, I'm a grown-ass kid
Swear I should be locked up for stupid shit that I did
But I'm a champion, so I turned tragedy to triumph
Make music that's fire, spit my soul through the wire
Through the fire, to the limit, to the wall (Y'know what I'm saying?)
For a chance to be with you (When the doctor told me I had, um, that I was gonna have to have a plate in my chin, I said)
I'd gladly risk it all ("Dawg, don't you realize I'll never make it on a plane now?")
Through the fire ("It's bad enough I got all this jewelry on!")
Through whatever, come what may
For a chance at loving you (She can't be serious, man)
I'd take it all the way
Right down to the wire
Even through the fire

See.. some niggas don't know how to act..
So I'm about to get on some Left Eye shit
And start burnin' down niggas cribs
When we met, I can't front, I was all in your shit
Even though I was a bitch playin' hard to get
'Cause see I never felt this way in my life
It didn't take long before you made me your wife
Shoppin' sprees and puttin' money in my pockets
Pictures of you inside my heart-shaped lockets
And my girls, knew you wasn't no good
They told me 'bout them broads you was fuckin in the hood
You said I was a diamond, and you was like a pearl
So daddy how could you do this to your baby girl?
Memories, is all it brings when I look at my rings
And "Heartbreaker" is the song I sing (c'mon, c'mon)
Heartbreaker, dream maker
Love taker don't you mess around with me, you're a
(Yeah, uh-huh uh-huh, you don't wanna mess with me)
Heartbreaker, dream maker
(Do you know, who I am?)
Love taker don't you mess around with me, you're a
(Don't be messin' with me)
Heartbreaker, dream maker
Love taker don't you mess around with me, you're a
(Hehe, yeah, you don't wanna mess with me)
Heartbreaker, dream maker
Love taker don't you mess around with me, you're a
(You don't wanna mess around)
Breakfast in Paris, dinner in Milan
Sex on the beach, yeah we had it goin' on
Then one day you hid my birth control pills
Said the way I sucked your dick it had you head over heels
When you got rich I helped you run your company
For eleven years, and now you wanna dump me?
And just to think, I was about to have a baby for you
And then some bitch you was fuckin said she was havin' one too?
You wrong! Nigga dead wrong, you know the song
"Don't know what you've got til it's gone"
After the fight, the other night, and we both went to jail
I burnt all your clothes up, I was "Waiting to Exhale"
(That's right)
Heartbreaker, dream maker
Love taker don't you mess around with me, you're a
(You don't wanna mess with me)
Heartbreaker, dream maker
(I'm the Queen Bitch)
Love taker don't you mess around with me, you're a
(Don't be messin' with me)
Heartbreaker, dream maker
Love taker don't you mess around with me, you're a
(Hmm, you don't wanna mess with me)
Heartbreaker, dream maker
Love taker don't you mess around with me, you're a
(Yeah, now hold that)
Now I'm back to my old ways, like in the old days
Flirtin', not givin' a fuck, what?
Got you lookin' in the mirror sayin', "Damn!"
Sick thinkin bout the next man fuckin this tight pussy
Niggas want me, even though they got a honey
If I'ma be number two, they givin' me some hush money
Ask Whitney, I learned how to break a heart from you
Cause when a woman's fed up, it ain't nothin' you can do
I'm that Bitch, don't you ever forget
Witchu when you rich or when you ain't have shit
Now he cryin', he beggin', "Kim let me come back"
Like Mark Morrison, "Return of the Mack" baby!
Heartbreaker, dream maker
Love taker don't you mess around with me, you're a
(You don't wanna mess with me)
Heartbreaker, dream maker
Love taker don't you mess around with me, you're a
(Don't be messin' with me)
Heartbreaker, dream maker
Love taker don't you mess around with me, you're a
(Y'all niggas don't wanna mess with me)
Heartbreaker, dream maker
Love taker don't you mess around with me, you're a
(Cause I'm not the one)
Heartbreaker, dream maker
Love taker don't you mess around with me, you're a
Heartbreaker, dream maker.. you're a
Heartbreaker, dream maker
Love taker don't you mess around with me, you're a
Heartbreaker, dream maker.. you're a
Let's sing it together, right here
We're on a

Faith
His love is yours
We are saved
He is the risen Lord
We are steppin' out on faith
His love is yours
In the arms of Jesus, saved
He is the risen Lord
We are steppin' out on faith
His love is yours
We are saved
He is the risen Lord

Y'all might as well get the music ready because this finna' take a while
Umm, When I had my accident I found out at that moment nothing in life is promised except death,
If you had the opportunity to play this game of life
you need to arpeeeciate every moment
a lot of people don't appreciate their moment until it's passed
And then, you got to tell those Al Bundy stories "You remember when I ?"
But, Right now is my time and my moment thanks to the fans, thanks to the accident, thanks to god, thanks to Roc-A-Fella, Jay-Z, Dame Dash, G, my mother, Rhymefest everyone that's helped me
And I plan to celebrate, I plan to celebrate and scream and pop champagne every chance I get becasue i'm at the grammys baby!
I know everybody's asking the question, they wanted know "I know he's going to wild out, I know he's going to do something crazy"
Everbody wanted to know what I would do if I didn't win.
I guess we'll never know.
On time (On time)
Every time (Every time)
Always there (Always there)
Said you'll never leave us nor forsake us (Sake us)
So we stand (So we stand)
On your Word (On your Word)
Brought us out of darkness into your light (Your light)
By your power (By your power)
We're set free (We're set free)
Where two or three are gathered you're there (You're there)
In the midst (In the midst)
Thank you, Lord (Thank you, Lord)
So glad we know our...
Soul's anchored
Every single day you're worthy
To you we give the glory 'cause our
Soul's anchored
When we think back where we started
We were brokenhearted, now our
Soul's anchored
Every single day you're worthy
To you we give the glory 'cause our
Soul's anchored
When we think back where we started
We can't help but lift our hands up
Ooh, ooh, ooh
Hey, hey, hey
Ooh, ooh, ooh
Hey, hey
On time (On time)
Every time (Every time)
Always there (Always there)
Said you'll never leave us nor forsake us (Sake us)
So we stand (So we stand)
On your Word (On your Word)
Brought us out of darkness into your light (Your light)
By your power (By your power)
We're set free (We're set free)
Where two or three are gathered you're there (You're there)
In the midst (In the midst)
Thank you Lord (Thank you Lord)
So glad we know our...
Soul's anchored
Every single day you're worthy
To you we give the glory 'cause our
Soul's anchored
When we think back where we started
We were brokenhearted, now our
Soul's anchored
Every single day you're worthy
To you we give the glory 'cause our
Soul's anchored
When we think back where we started
We can't help but lift our hands up
Ooh, ooh, ooh
Hey, hey, hey
Ooh, ooh, ooh
We can't help but lift our hands up
Ooh, ooh, ooh
Hey, hey, hey
Ooh, ooh, ooh
We can't help but lift our hands up
This a number one- this a number one-
This a number one champion sound
Go-g-g-go-g-g-g-go someday
To-t-t-to-t-t-t-to see LA



This a number one- this a number one-
This a number one- this a number one-
This a number one- this a number one-
This a number one- this a number one-
This a number one- this a number one-
This a number one champion sound
Tell 'em wagwan, blud!
This a number one champion sound
Yeah, Estelle, we 'bout to get down
Who the hottest in the world right now?
Just touched down in London town
Bet they give me a pound
Tell them put the money in my hand right now
Tell the promoter we need more seats
We just sold out all the floor seats
No interview with the NME, 'cause I will only make enemy
No Q&A with the Q today, 'cause I really don't have good to say
Who killing them in the UK?
Everybody going to say "You, K!"
Reluctantly, because most of this press don't fuck with me
Estelle once said to me, "Cool down, down
Don't act a fool now, now."
I always act a fool oww, oww
Ain't nothing new now, now
He crazy, I know what you thinking
Ribena, I know what you're drinking
Rap singer, chain blinger
Holler at the next chick soon as you're blinking
What's your persona about this Americana rhymer?
Am I shallow ‘cause all my clothes designer?
Uh, dressed smart like a London bloke
Before he speak his suit bespoke
And you thought he was cute before
Look at this pea coat, tell me he's broke
And I know you ain't into all that
I heard your lyrics, I feel your spirit
But I still talk that ca-a-ash
'Cause a lot of wags want to hear it
And I'm feeling like Mike at his baddest
Like The Pips at their gladdest
And I know they love it
So to hell with all that rubbish



JK: How are you?
Kanye West: I'm okay.
JK: I'm very happy that you came. I'm glad you did, and I wanted to clear this up. I really felt bad about all this stuff. I did.



JK: Alright, Kanye West is here, more with Kanye when we come back.
Announcer: The best tweets of Kanye West.
Josh Groban: Can we please toast to the motherfuckin' douchebags tonight? Do you know where to find marble conference tables? Looking to have a conference... not until I get the table though.
At most his tweets are 140 characters, but the depth of his passion is immeasurable.
Fur pillows are hard to actually sleep on. Man... what ever happened to my antique fish tank?
Announcer: You'll get all of your favorites
Josh Groban: Classical music is tight yo. I make awesome decisions in bike stores. French fries are the devil. Black is the new black.
Announcer: And many many more. Josh Groban's the best tweets of Kanye West includes 752 original songs on 48 CDs.
Josh Groban: I love me!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Announcer: In stores now.
Yeah
Okay
Ayy!
Ayo, poppin' willy shit, let's see who really rich
Y'all ride the beat, I'm about to pop a wheelie, bitch
Really this, I came up with on some silly shit
Look how good it is! I'll show you who you dealin with
Y'all illy? I'm iller, I'm from Illinois
Yo, Big Sean, why don't you call your Chi-Town boys?
Show me where they at, I will destroy
I'm 'bout to fuck somethin up, I might as well call the lawyer
G.O.O.D. Music run this bitch? Yes, we do
I know you thinking, "Damn, I wish 'Ye would bless me too"
In the booth, I use the restroom; It's best you...
Gon' head and kiss the Jesus piece 'cause I just blessed you, unh!
And holy water, odds against Ye, it's slaughter
Ever since I opened up that Midnight Marauders
Now it's gon be a problem like a brand new installment
From the late, great, Mr. Christopher Wallace
They call us pompous; can I be honest?
Honestly, modesty wasn't ever in my policy
Apology accepted, you ain't say it? Shoulda said it
As soon as I did it, all that bullshit was deaded


Black bodies swinging in the southern breeze
Strange Fruit



Dance little brother, dont give up the fight
Hang on 'til tomorrow, the truth will come to light
Dance little sister, don't give up the day
Hang on 'til tomorrow, tonight we celebrate
Celebrate...celebrate...celebrate...celebrate...celebrate
Oooooo you got to
Dance little brother,(oooh) dont give up the fight.(Dont give up the fight)
Hang on 'til tomorrow,(oooh) the truth will come to light.(will come to light
Dance little sister,(ooh) don't give up the day.(dont give up today)
Hang on 'til tomorrow, tonight we celebrate, celebrate

Follow me, follow me
Follow me, follow me
Follow me, follow me
Follow me, yeah, follow me
We're hoping, to see the day
That our people, can all relay
We must keep strivin', to achieve the peace
If we just keep believin', we shall all be free
Follow me, why don't you follow me
To a place, where we'll all be free
Follow me
Follow me
Follow me
Follow me, yeah, follow me
Follow me
Follow me
Follow me
Follow me, yeah, follow me

I wanna teach us a song, is that alright?
I wanna talk about God's love for us
And how his love is unconditional
And how his love is unconditional, and it brings favor
Hallelujah, anybody clap for God's love?
Oh yeah, oh yeah, what greater love than this
Than a man who lay down his life for his friends
Listen, lemme teach ya this, listen, listen
Your love is favor
We feel its faith
Hey, your love is favor
We feel its faith
Next part, this is whatcha gonna say, listen
Fa-a-a-a-a-ith, fa-a-a-a-a-ith
We feel its faith
Fa-a-a-a-a-ith, fa-a-a-a-a-ith
We feel its faith
Come on sing it with us, your love is—
Your love is favor (Hallelujah)
(We feel it) We feel it, faith (Unconditional)
Your love is favor
(We feel it) We feel it, faith (C'mon sing it from your heart, tell 'em)
(Your love is) Your love is favor (Ooh)
We feel it, faith (Thank you, Lord)
Your love is favor
(We feel it) We feel it, faith
C'mon next part, everybody to the right, let's go
Fa-a-a-a-a-ith, fa-a-a-a-a-ith
We feel its faith
Fa-a-a-a-a-ith, fa-a-a-a-a-ith
We feel its faith
C'mon, take it back to the top, come on
Your love is favor (Hallelujah)
(We feel it) We feel it, faith (No greater love than this great love, come on)
Your love is favor (Your love for me, ha)
We feel it, faith (Come on, let's go out, everybody)
(Fa-a-a-a) Fa-a-a-a-a-ith, fa-a-a-a-a-ith
We feel its faith (Uh-huh, we been seeing about faith tonight, yeah, come on, ayy)
Fa-a-a-a-a-ith, fa-a-a-a-a-ith
We feel its faith (Here we go)
One, two, one, two
He's alive, He-He-He's alive
He's alive, He-He-He's alive
He's alive, He-He-He's alive
He's alive, He-He-He's alive
He's alive, He-He-He's alive
He's alive, He-He-He's alive
He's alive, He-He-He's alive
He's alive, He-He-He's alive
He's alive, He-He-He's alive
He's alive, He-He-He's alive
He's alive, He-He-He's alive
He's alive, He-He-He's alive (Come on)
Fa-a-a-a-a-ith, fa-a-a-a-a-ith
We feel its faith (Hallelujah)
Fa-a-a-a-a-ith, fa-a-a-a-a-ith
We feel its faith (One, two, one, two)
He's alive, He-He-He's alive (Yes he is)
He's alive, He-He-He's alive
He's alive, He-He-He's alive (He rose for you and me)
He's alive, He-He-He's alive
He's alive, He-He-He's alive (He's been lifted up)
He's alive, He-He-He's alive (He lives on high)
He's alive, He-He-He's alive (With our heavenly Father)
He's alive, He-He-He's alive (Say it again)
He's alive, He-He-He's alive
He's alive, He-He-He's alive (Yeah)
He's alive, He-He-He's alive
He's alive, He-He-He's alive (Come on, let's go)
Fa-a-a-a-a-ith, fa-a-a-a-a-ith
We feel its faith (We walk by faith, and not by sigh)
Fa-a-a-a-a-ith, fa-a-a-a-a-ith
We feel its faith (We believe him, we trust our God)
Fa-a-a-a-a-ith, fa-a-a-a-a-ith
We feel its faith (We receive your love, God, the love you have for us)
Fa-a-a-a-a-ith, fa-a-a-a-a-ith
We feel its faith
Yo, it's Kanye To The
I did this beat in '96 and ah...
Is it the because my beats the nicest?
Got me chargin' niggas Dr. Evil prices ("One billion dollars...")
Niggas will sell their soul to go platinum and gold
I'm cold 'cause I got the gold and kept my soul
Drop an album full of soul, sold twelve times gold
That's six-plat, man, that's a sick plaque (Do the math)
Man, don't forget that, that at the top is where you feel the loneliness
Like grabbin' fake titties, I swear, I feel the phoniest
'Cause I'm from a city where you never know who your homies is
'Cause everybody want your spot—No I.D. told me this
Oh, I seen homies get sheisty on me quick
Woooooo! Just imagine if I only spit
But I do beats, too, that's the American dream
Stack to make sure my shawties inherit some things
A couple real estate investments
Got niggas sayin', "There's the Kennedys!"
But oh, yes, it's the Westses
Brand new Roc-A-Fella, most fresh-to-death is...
Definitely Kanye, peace to Sportie LA (Okay, yeah, ugh)
That keep my shoe game early like the grave shift (Uh-huh)
Plus keep my closet cooped up like a slave ship (Woo!)
How you gon' look at me and say I ain't made shit?
Just look at my outfit, I got all the basics (Look)
Air Force, check! Rolex, check!
Call Gee and Hop, did you get the check? (Fifty thousand)
Roc-a-Fella piece, check, don't forget the neck
Is it the money on deck that keeps on the honeys on the dick?
Now, that ain't really rhyme, but I ain't really tryin'
(I don't give a fuck, nigga)
Last 9/11, I was poor on the Ave
'Til I pluraled my math, now it's Porsche 911
And I'm floorin' the gas, got a lot of problems
Money's one that I not have
Date ballplayers' wives, that divorced and got half, shiiiiiit (Oooh! Haha)
I figure they deserve somethin' for all them hours
And that be the realest shit that I never wrote
(Really spoke something on that shit)
Only book I ever read I could have wrote—48 Laws Of Power (What!)
Me, Gee and Hop, uh-huh, the game's ours (What!)
Seems like I got more brain off my fake chain
Than my real one, 'cause on the real, son
If a girl think you broke, she just wanna fuck and smoke
If you paid, then she's thinkin' bout her children, feel him? (True)
Prolly not though, unless you got dough, you know what I mean?
You will think the grass greener when you finally get green
I told Regina, "You ain't been in a Medina" (Quit lying)
Yeah, I seen you grabbin' on my balls like Serena (Uh-huh)
Yeah, y'all the invisible ho, you ain't never seen her
Mhm, she must stay around your grandma crib
Right next door to where the in-laws live
I brought a man from the fifth floor all in y'all crib
Haha
Remember niggas back at school
They didn't have no girl at school
So they be like, "I got a girl, she just stay by my grandma's crib" Hahaha
Yo, Dame, where the fuck you find me? Hahaha

Life of the rich and gorgeous
Someone gonna be forging it
I told my dad I would have been aborted
If I wasn't the one that put the cord in
Pulling up in something looking foreign
Remember when a nigga couldn't afford shit
Now I get the order
Thumbing thumbing through my wallet
Automatic toilet, now that's the shit
Popping off with the orbit, I got ya bitch
Let it go
God dammit I need you now
God dammit I need you now
God damn
And if you're out in the crowd
God dammit I need you now
God damn
Don't you play no
Let me fix my neck, chain on
Let me fix the check, games on
Let me thump a thump game on
And ain't nobody playing with him no
Summertime rain with him no
They all layin' with him now
So I got the Marvin Williams with him now
No one wanna pray with him no
Want it done bathe in it now
Wanna get a raise with him now
Something down in nah-ney with em now
Like we always
Talk to me like we always
The illuminati
Dirt Bike or a Kawasaki
Bottle up on a new party
God dammit I need you now
God dammit I need you now
God damn
And if you're out in the crowd
God dammit I need you now
God dammit
Don't you play with you
Oh you been
Something I can you bitch
Only one and they don't forget
Yeah I walk
Pop sampling
Hold on
Fall out all about
What y'all about
God dammit I need you now
God dammit I need you now
God damn
And if you're out in the crowd
God dammit I need you now
God dammit
Don't you play with you
With your praying hands
For you lil' niggas I'm way advanced
And I don't write rhymes, I write tattoos
And when I die they build statues
You niggas ain't got the cashews
From the city where cash rules
Till they run up on a bad mood
Bitch that's a bad move
Bitch get out the way
Someone gonna get out today
And I know I was gone for a minute
But need to get out today
Now let us get this money
God dammit I need you now
God dammit I need you now
God damn
And if you're out in the crowd
God dammit I need you now
God dammit
Don't you play with you
Don't play boy
Hoppin in the mansion
Waking around with a robe on
I could have started play boy
Cause I married a playmate
When you stay eight
And they rate
I kinda want the nudes
Something for when I'm in that mood
Woo


I got my superman power, my superman cape
These the last hours, but superman late
The clock is ticking, damn can you wait?
Man, will he come back and save the day?
Fly across the earth, put things in reverse
I wish this life was a movie I could just rehearse
Certain things I can't doctor, and you say I'm the worst
I ain't have enough patients, but I needed a nurse
That'll come by my bed late
See if my head ache
Then get my head straight
Then give my head, great
Every time I popped up like the VCR
I took your breath away, then we performed CPR
With all the cars, the clothes, the lights, the boats
I guess I was just trying to sow my royal oats
In the penthouse position
With penthouse bitches
See I Pimp'd My crib, so I must exhibit
Shit, these last years been a haze like Issac
So I close my eyes
Tighter than Asian eyes get
Realized I got the same wings angels fly with
Louis Vuitton feathers, now that some fly shit
Yo...
I'm Kanye To The, first of all coming straight from the Chi
Uh, I don't lie
It's like the singer say
I've been known to do beats like that, know what I'm saying
Brought you hits such as
Uh, Uh
I love girls, girls, girls, girls
Gimme some brain before I hop up on this plane
Gotta head right back to the Chi
Now even though I went to college and dropped outta school quick
I always had a Ph.D.: a Pretty Huge Dick
Ladies tired of getting ripped off by guys like this
And giving head is like a whale that's using a toothpick
Well, I'm in the club for a limited time only
Two way or phone me, if you tryna bone me
Yo man got money, you still feel lonely
Claim he love you, it's no doubt, it's Gwen Stef-phony
You a light skinneded Nia, dark skinneded Tamia
Black Jennifer Lopez, a ghetto senorita
You remind me of my Jeep, but not no Kia
We can talk on my cell, but not Nokia
It be going in and out that's why I barely hear ya
It be going in and out like a robberia
I'm tryna take this money like Rob and G-Dep
And I'mma take you to my house like Trick and Trina
Chi-Town, Chi-Town, big city of dreams
And my dick so big it can't fit in my jeans
And a bitch so mad she can't get in my cream
And it gets so bad she wanna tear up my things
But still
K-A-N-Y-E, Chi-Town playa out in NYC
She said she wanna go on a shopping spree
Bought her some cheap J.Lo jeans cuz the ass is free
I love girls, girls, I got a fetish for em
But not no lettuce for em
Dick and bad credit for em
Bills, bills, I know she tryna get paid
She know I'm tryna get laid
She figure that's an even trade off
If she a stewardess I show her to my cockpit
If she a lawyer then I give her Johnnie Cochran
If she wanna see me again
She better get 2 friends then maybe then
We'll have group sex, toothex
And a young girl off that X
And she just turned eight-teen
Last week she was against the law
So for her birthday I put this dick against her jaw
And like a picture in a frame put it against the wall
Said she had never been with a man before
But she not a virgin, huh, she a lady lover
I didn't know y'all take each other out and date each other
But that's a lady lover
I ain't even know that was ya baby mother
Explain the outro man, don't nobody never get to the outro
I just take a whole record and just
I'm not gonna talk about the producer shit right now
I just want niggas to realize my shit, you know what I'm saying
2002, aight
I sounded real mad on the last mixtape
I'm not even gonna go there this time, ok
K-K-K-K-K-K-Mac




You know what, yo? You a bitch
You should have a travel agent, ‘cause you a trip
You should make your own toilet tissue since you the shit
But all you got is some fuckin' issues, you fuckin' bitch
I hate niggas, but I love your mom
Give her a kiss for me, her second son
Get your mind right, baby, or get your shit together
You gonna be hot a little while, I'ma be rich forever
Girl seducers, they come in deuces
But when I cut 'em off they always become a nuisance
Niggas take my old flows and they take my old swag
He just took my old bitch and turned it to his new bitch (Haha)
I'm stupid, but I won't get my drama on
What I'm dealin' with is too real for me to comment on
Jay finally got it through my head not to run my mouth
So when you talk 'bout “you know who”
I don't know who you talkin' 'bout

You just popped in the Kanye West
Get Right For The Summer workout tape
And ladies if you follow these instructions exactly
You might bear to pull you a rapper, a NBA player
Man, at least a dude wit' a car
So first of all we gon' work on the stomach
Nobody wants a little tight ass!
1 and 2 and 3 and 4 and get them sit ups right and
Tuck your tummy tight and do your crunches like this
Give head, stop breathe, get up, check your weave
Don't drop the blunt and disrespect the weed
Pick up your son and don't disrespect your seed
It's a party tonight and ooh she's so excited
Tell me who's invited: you, your friends and my dick
What's scary to me is Henny makes girls look like Halle Berry to me
So excuse me miss, I forgot your name
Thank you, God bless you, good night I came..
I came...
I came..
It's been a week without me
And she feel weak without me
She wanna talk it out but
Ain't nothin' to talk about
'Lest, she talkin' about freakin' out
Then maybe we can work it out
Work it out (Come on) 4x
Work it out now
Maybe we can work it out (Come on, come on)
Oh girl your silhouette make me wanna light a cigarette
My name Kanye from the Jigga set Twista said "Get It Wet"
Ooh girl your breath is HARSH
Cover your mouth up like you got SARS..
STOP! IT'S THA MUTHAFUCKIN' REMIX!!

It's been a week without me
And she feel weak without me
She wanna talk it out but
Ain't nothin' to talk about
'Lest, she talkin' about freakin' out
Then maybe we can work it out
Work it out (Come on) 4x
Work it out now
Maybe we can work it out (Come on, come on)

Kanye's workout plan. I was able to pull a NBA player
And like now I shop every day on Rodeo drive
I just want to say, thank you Kanye! woooo! woooo! woooo!
That ever since listenin' to Kanye's workout tape
I was able to get my phone bill paid, I got sounds and 13's
Put up in my Cavalier and I was able to get a free trip to Cancun
And what's most importantly is that I ain't gotta fuck Ray Ray's
Broke ass no mo'
(Work it mo' juke it mo' pump it mo, Chi-town mo' let's go mo')
And I just want to say since listenin' to Kanye's workout tape
I been able to date outside the family, I got a double wide
And I row the plain, row the plain, row the plain
I'm the envy of all my friends
See I pulled me a baller man (yeah)
And I don't gotta work at the mall again
*Beat changes*
(Lemme break ya wit' a piece of)
My favorite work out plan (oh! oh! oh!)
I wanna see you work out (yeah yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah yeah)
(It's that old Michael Jackson shit)
That's right put in work, move your ass, go wizzerk
Get your salad, no dessert
Get that man you deserve
It's Kanye's workout plan
I said it's Kanye's workout plan (Ladies and gentlemen)
It's Kanye's workout plan (Allow myself to introduce myself)
His woooorrrrkkoouut plan (This time around I want y'all to clap like this)
That's right put in work
Move your ass, go wizzerk
Eat your salad, no dessert
Get that man you deserve (Stop!)
It's Kanye's workout plan (Ok bring)
I said it's Kanye's workout plan (I know y'all ain't tired)
It's Kanye's workout plan (But I hope not, 'cuz on this one I need ya)
His woooorrrrkkoouut plan (to give me a soul clap ok? double time)
That's right put in work (Woo!)
Move your ass, go wizzerk (Ow!
Eat your salad, no dessert (Ugh!)
Get that man you deserve
That's right put in work (Put in work)
Move your ass, go wizzerk (Go wizzerk)
Eat your salad, no dessert (No dessert)
Get that man you deserve (You hear, ugh)
That's right put in work (That's right put in work)
Move your ass, go wizzerk (Go wizzerk)
Eat your salad, no dessert (Eat your salad, no dessert)
Get that man you deserve (Woo!)
(Okay, okay, okay, that's, that'd be good) *Applause and cheering*
(I appreciate your time)
I want to see you work out for me
Woah yeah
Yeah, G.O.O.D. Music
Starshell in the house
Let me see what the fuck you're about
Hey ladies!
Sup, I'm tryin' to take that down
Hey ladies!
Sup, I'm tryin' to take that down
Want money like Jay, clothes like Ye
Chicks like Seal, mass appeal
I'm just tryin' to feel if the ass is real
Man I should've known since she from Brazil
South side, my nigga, give me room now
Money high, yeah my pockets on shrooms now
I had a lot of bullshit I had to tune out
It's me and dude now, what you gon' do now?
Cause if you mess with the scrubs, then you gon' do the dishes
I ain't Flavor Flav, but you look delicious
And your heels vicious, killin' these bitches
I'm so sin-seriously pimpin!





Alien, magical, flyin', and all
Being, I got her signed on
Beam me up, I'm 'bout to sign off
Dumber now, need to take time off
Dumber now, I don't believe the time
Should have gone, man, I believe they lyin' (Get a mic, huh)
Sign, do you believe in science?
Bigger sign, bet they gon' bleed now
Aliens, double to sign off
Better time, 'bout to take time off
I don't believe in time, I just believe in science
Order a bleeding nine, tell her, "Don't leave tonight"
Alien, being 'bout to fly out
Took her out, order her something with eyes out
They was done, we the one, we just on
Louis thong, Lebanon, we become, what they done?
Duh-na-na, duh, feel it, feel it, feel it
This ain't our planet, that's why I kill it
Kill it, animals, kill it, ozone, kill it
Blood, spill it, somethin' you deal with
Alien, took the time off, I just took time off
Fly up, a pyramid, dunked on, Vesuvius
No bro, serious, I'm dead serious
I'm dead serious, I'm dead serious
Alien, period, she on her period
She gonna come here yet, something, then we get
Closer, better yet, na-na, duh-na-na
Alien, takeoff, I took time off
I don't believe in time, I just believe in science
I've just been feeling nine
We gon' just leave at nine
Christian calendar, some-some calendar
Airplane, challenge us, happen to challenge her
Said, "It blow up," Michael Moore said, "No what?"
Ain't nobody die, Alex Jones said the same shit and fried
Oh shit
Alien, pyramid, fly off, take off
Break off, Kit Kat, take off, wake up
Make off, they go, say go, get makeov'
You let go in Waco, Texas
Pull up, err-err, 'Lexus
Flex this, bless this, genesis, precious
Message, message, bless it
Don't stress it, don't stress shit
Don't test it, don't test this
Don't touch this, man they Hammer time
On the dotted line, on the camera time
When it's out of line and they meant it right
Done it down to nine, on the dotted line
Want a better line and I'm feeling right
Kill the feeling, right, oh and I made it rhyme
'Cause I met a time and you're out of time
And you wear the line and he out of line
But he set it off, on the Adderall
When they got it all, set it off y'all
Alien, takeoff, monster



Élan thoughts when your tons up, for 'em put your guns up
One dollar ones-up, mama put your ones up
Say they wilding for
Shoot up, shoot up, shoot up the station, TV sta-tion, oh
Shoot up, shoot up, shoot up the station, TV's dead
I'm so tired of all the lights, I'm so tired of all the lies
Shoot up, shoot up, shoot up the station, TV's dead
I'm so tired of all the cries, I'm so tired of sinful light
Shoot up, shoot up, shoot up the station, TV's dead
Vore the night
And maybe you'll get away tonight
And maybe then the night's alright
And maybe you'll want something of mine
And we'll get on and get by
And maybe we'll learn to belong too
And maybe we'll learn to will mine
'Cause I can't depend on the now new
And these niggas don't come tonight
Roll your guns up, roll your guns up
They got guns so you're gonna come
Roll up your guns up, and nothin' left to do, but
Shoot up, shoot up, shoot up the station, TV sta-tion
Shoot up, shoot up, shoot up the station, TV's dead
And I'm so tired of all the lies, and I'm so tired of all the cries
Shoot up, shoot up, shoot up the station, TV's dead
And I'm so tired of some that lie, I'm on the night just on a ride
Shoot up, shoot up, shoot up the station, TV's dead
Alright, sometimes the day's too long
Where would you go?
Somebody known too long
Ooh, and now you know
So I can't keep 'em tonight, you want to?
A'ight, oh, oh, oh
And make another song 'til drift off, 'til I, 'til I, I
Shoot up the station, TV station
Who knew there was nothing to do and everything to lose
And there's not nothing left to do, but
Shoot up, shoot up, shoot up the station, TV's dead
I'm going to, and if you're with me
Shoot up, shoot up, shoot up the station, TV's dead
If you're tired of all the lies, if you're tired of all the cries
Shoot up, shoot up, shoot up the station, TV's dead
Now if your signs aren't all that nice n' if you find someone for life
Shoot up, shoot up, shoot up the station, TV's dead
And if you're tired of all the lies n' then you're tired of all the cries
It won't consign until all we die
And when you drab I'm still alive, still alive
Shoot up, shoot up, shoot up the station, yeah, yeah







Oooh, you too much pressure, doll
You gon' raise my cholesterol
I gotta lower the phone decibels
Just to talk, just a thought
I'ma get a girl with a ass just as soft
You swear men dogs like Reservoir
And I was Mr. Pink
Remember those nights on the kitchen sink?
I was choking you in a good way, good way
Now, we in the streets, and I'm choking you in a hood way
When the cops come, what I could say?
You know how all that gossip is
Next morning: Bossip, Perez
Any girl I take out, MediaTakeOut, I need a break now
Before I break now, ah-ah (Ah, ah, ah, ah, ow)
Show me your Janet Jacksons if you nasty
You said you want to cut my nuts off like Jesse Jackson, classy
Ooh, why she say that? Ouch!
Bitch! Give me back my couch
On that same couch, casting
Now listen to T-Pain' ass sing


Ayo dog
Nicky my dog
And this is for sure
So I'm not going to break you down
Ask Christina Millian know what we did on tour
Stays on tour, and i'll tell you right now
And I like Indian girls, but I won't hurry
Last time we boned, you had the bedroom smelling like curry
Come on boss
You were suppose to be the Pimp and Prince
I've seen you in Friday after next
And I haven't seen you since
Look it's hard for me to say shit
Cause I don't know about that gay shit
But I see you do, looking like Tiger Woods
Like lost in the hood
Looking like Bryant Gumbel
And expect me to be humble
Every time I flip a fold your goin to crumble
With them phony ass pony's
Bitch read the news
Why you always try running in the back and grab all the free shoes
So Why don't you buy somethin' ?
Why don't you try somethin' ?
Stop lying, stop fronting
Y'all niggas don't know about nothing
I could rip all of yall
In a line
With every rhyme
Yall know Kanye, is like the greatest all time
'Cause I do the Grammys, and comeback with my family
Rippin' you muthafuckers
With the mic that you hand me
You all don't understand me dawg
You still pushing camrys
Please, step back for a minute
You the Lieutenant, I'm the General
And generality killing yall
And Yeah, and I could keep it right there
Kanye ripping you niggas
This shit is unfair!
On a scale of one to ten, what do you rate yourself
Here's some champagne, hydrate yourself
I know I'm lookin' good, you lookin' great yourself
I mean you shittin' on these bitches, you should hate yourself
My style so cold I could skate myself
But I go so hard I could make it melt
I mean the flow so solar every bar
Could power an electric car
My, my, my, whips is side-by-side
He just talkin', mine's outside
Do you mind if I
Take you on a test
Do you have all-wheel drive
And if that baby purr, I'm gonna baby her
Bitches gon' hate and maybe worse
Cause your ice so brrr I copped you a baby fur
Just to work
I know you was on pur-pur
But this is a whole new arena
See, niggas come by talkin' bout they make it rain
I'll make that bitch Katrina
Mr. Kanye Omari, with my Entourage, no Ari
And a motorcycle jacket, no Harley
She said dude, that's cool
Gnarly




You'll never catch me in that baby momma Benz again
I'm pushin' a G5
All the girls sayin' that his hair look Indian
And ain't never seen him and MCM
Now I don't like fake boobies but I'd do it to Lil' Kim (Yes I would)
We gon' roll this weed
We gon' play like Sonny Bono and hit these trees soon as we get alone
I'm doin' beats for pro bono soon as we get to bone
Now she like a lot of clothes, I like to see her out of 'em
She got a lot exposed, pump up the volume
Pump up the volume, dance, dance
Don't give Kanye a chance
'Cause I'm a Gemini with two sides and two rides
Y'all talkin' business, I'm peepin' her thighs
Look, I'm tryin' to hit that back end 'fore I get that back in
Called Trina and "Do she need that beat tracked again?"
'Cause I came back for you
To show you that I'm workin' with a little somethin'
And we get the session pumpin'
See, I came back for you
'Cause any rap chick that look half nice
I'm givin' 'em half price
Back when Eve went with Steve before she had her weave
I was sendin' beat tapes like you wouldn't believe
Back when Foxy had a group with Nas and AZ
The way she looked on Chyna Doll, I woulda did them beats for free
'Cause only recently I been gettin' a decent fee
The checks I got from D-Dot was t-teasin' me
I bought some earrings like, "Baby, that may be fake"
But at least it got girls callin' me 'Babycakes'
Now maybe Kay can get a ménage with Lazy K
And Lady May, maybe, hey?
You're lookin' all thick and sweet
You need a nigga that can give you dick and beats
So go and get Angie and tell her
'Cause I came back for you
To show you that I'm workin' with a little somethin'
And we get the session pumpin'
See, I came back for you
'Cause any rap chick that look half nice
I'm givin' 'em half price
Got a two for head sale
Send, send headshots first though
Will you beat tapes for who? Oh, Trina?
Oh, I'm right there, I'm right there
I'll be the- I'll be in studio in five minutes
Yo yo, she said she want her ass look gushy wet
I told her all I need is my back end check
I told her to—
I ain't finish that verse



I am the don of Vuitton
I am the Sean of Sean John (That's the boss nigga)
I'm too complex for ComplexCon
You heard Cole on that song, he was tryna' hate
I am out of touch, I cannot relate
"Hallway too long, bitch too bad"
Got a surrogate," my kid "gets two dads"
How can one man take a company down?
I can see Nike contemplatin' that
"Like bro, we're fucked, what's the best plan?
I don't know, hire Ye's best man
Maybe sign Travis, sign Don C
Ricky came by unattended
Sent Donda out in heaven, up with Avery
I be thinkin', "What would 2Pac do?"
You be thinkin' "What New Kids on the Block do?"
Drizzy wearin' Yeezys on the low though
Only reppin' Nike for promo
The company growin' faster than Flo-Jo
And we did it with no logo
It don't feel right 'til I feel like Phil Knight
Goin' for six rings like what Phil told Mike
What was the six
It's still bigger than hip hop, hip hop, hip hop, hip
It's bigger than hip hop, hip hop, hip hop (Uh), hip hop (Uh, uh)
One thing 'bout music, when it's real, they get scared
Got us slavin' for the welfare
Ain't no food, clothes, or healthcare
I'm down for guerilla warfare
All my niggas, put your guns in the air if you really don't care
Skunk in the air
Make a nigga wanna buck in the air for my brother
Locked up in the jump for a year
Shit is real out here, don't believe these videos
This fake-ass industry, gotta pay to get a song on the radio
Really though, DP's gon' let you know
It's just a game of pimps and hoes
And it's all about who you know
Not who we are or how we grow
I rap 'bout what I know, what I go through
What I been through, not just for no dough
Even though the rent due, what I'm into ain't for no dough
Or just more fame
Everything must change, nothin' remains the same
Sick of the same ol' thang, it's bigger than bling-bling
If I feel it, I feel it, if I don't, I don't
If it ain't really real, then I probably won't
Rollin' with my soldiers, live soldiers, ready to ride
For this real hip hop, y'all, I'm ready to die, uh
Hip (What?) hop (What?), hip (What?) hop (What?)
Hip (What?) hop (What?), hip (What?) hop (What? Come on, come on)
My soldiers, live soldiers, ready to ride
For this real hip hop, y'all, I'm ready to die, uh
Hip hop means sayin' what I want, never bitin' my tongue
Hip hop means teachin' the young
If you're feelin' what I'm feelin', then you hearin' what I'm sayin'
'Cause these fake, fake records just keep on playin'
What you sayin'? Huh? DP bringin' the funk
Let the bassline rattle your trunk, uh
Punk pig with a badge wanna handcuff me
'Cause my pants is tendin' to sag
Hip hop means throw up your rag, soldier flag
If you're ridin' on the bus or you stole a Jag'
M-1 mean freedom, burn the cash
Revolutionary love 'til the day we pass
Will they play it on the radio?
Maybe not, maybe so
We gon' keep it pumpin' though
Everybody know we headed for the whoa
Fo sho
Ayy, dawg, that label is that slave ship
Owners got them whips and rappers is slaves
If you really wanna eat, you got to hear the same thing
With the football, b-ball, or if you slangin' that dope
Ain't never seen no hope, brainwash video shows be foolin' my folk
What the hell a brother gon' do though, huh?
When the rent due, when the lights and the gas finna get cut off
Drop them raps or cock them gats?
Ain't never had shit ever since we came to this bitch
Why I gotta feel pain to get rich?
'Stead of stackin' chips, finna pack them clips, boy
If I feel it, I feel it, if I don't, I don't
If it ain't really real, then I probably won't
Rollin' with my soldiers, live soldiers, ready to ride
For this real hip hop, y'all, I'm ready to die, uh
Ride to this if you miss 2Pac
Bounce to this if you love Big Poppa
My soldiers, live soldiers, ready to ride
For this real hip hop, y'all, I'm ready to die, uh
Hip (What?) hop (What?), hip (What?) hop (What?)
Hip (What?) hop (What?), hip (What? Come on)
It's bigger than hip (What?) hop (What?), hip (Yeah) hop (What?)
Hip (What?) hop (What?), hip (What? Come on)
It's bigger than hip (What?) hop (Ride), hip (Ride) hop (Ride)
Hip (Live) hop (Live), hip (Bounce, come on)
It's bigger than hip (What?) hop (What?), hip (Ride) hop (Ride)
Hip (Bounce) hop (Bounce), hip (Live) hop (Come on)
If I feel it, I feel it, if I don't, I don't
If it ain't really real, then I probably won't
Rollin' with my soldiers, live soldiers, ready to ride
For this real hip hop, y'all, I'm ready to die, uh
Ride to this if you miss 2Pac
Bounce to this if you love Big Poppa
My soldiers, live soldiers, ready to ride
For this real hip hop, y'all, I'm ready to die, uh
We keep it crunked up (Crunked up)
New angels still learning how to fly
Still learning how to fly
And lay your love on the line
New angels
Who will make the sacrifice?
Who will make the sacrifice?
And lay your love on the line
Forget everything that you know
You're way too far from home
Hollow sign for kingdom
And you're ready, you're ready, you're ready
Having to run the game over
Ready she ready, she ready, she ready
The new angel
Still learning how to fly
Still learning how to fly
And lay your love on the line
New angel
Who will make the sacrifice?
Who will make the sacrifice?
And lay your love on the line
Hollow the bar I can't love
Hell if I, hell if I know
Hell if I, hell if I know
Never had met me before
Act like you’ve met me before
Swear that she met him before
Had a menage a trois
I'm on the road all alone
Now that she ready, she ready, she ready
Yeah she ready, ready, ready new ange-
And you knew she was
And you knew she was
You knew it
Before you, before you, slip that motherfucker in her drink
Yeah you knew she was
Yeah you knew she was
You knew it
You know
They got a special place in Hell for guys like us
They got a special place in Hell for guys like us
They got a special place in Hell for guys like us
Guys like us, guys like us, guys like us
They got a special place in Hell for guys like us
Hey hey hey hey (Okaay!)
Please say you will (hahah, yeah)
For real (Ay, ay)
I pray you will (ay)
And they say don't say it 'less you mean it
Back when I was young
I said "I will be the one"
People said they couldn't see it
But on the other hand
There was some saying I be this
Nigga on top, soon as you say I'm defeated
T-Pain, they saying they couldn't believe it
Funny 'cause now they say the same thing when they see me
The way I spit you would say I was bulimic
And this beat so hard, I had to say I did a remix
Niggas hate
They don't say it but they think it
When you lame
I can't hear what you saying when you speaking
Another plane, my mother saying get some sleep in
I can't, I'm living out what others saying they dream is
Now the hoes say that I'm conceited
'Cause they wanna give me brains
And I say that I don't need it
I'm getting paid and paying so much attention
To what radios playing and what they saying in meetings
I ain't saying I'm that deep in
But I'm saying I got my feet in
In a year they gon' say I'm Michael Phelps
And you gon' think to yourself
Before you jump in that deep end
It was said that my city sleeping
Out of state I had to say what that P meant
"I put on" like Kan' said on that Jeezy
Come to where I live the kids say I'm like He-Man
Doing everything that you say I can't
Not a stroke of luck, player
You can say I plan
Tired of saying shit to make these niggas understand
So I'll be everything that you say I am
Very strange, yes
You niggas too plain, I'm a Taylor Gang Jet
And my lane's left
I talk money so I save breath
And niggas say I'm lucky
I say that I'm blessed
Every goddamn day
Yeah, and I work hard too
You know, I ain't just pop up out of nowhere
Been doing this shit
Hahahah
T-G-O-D Boiii
Yeah
(Matter of fact... Okay)
Hundreds on the mattress
Twenties on the floor
Kids with dirty handguns posted by the door
When I was 14 they used to send me to the store
To bring back blunts
Now I'm the one rollin' up
Speakers bump
IPhone plug-in for my truck
E. Knievel, showing you niggas how to stunt
I mess up flows like waves and potholes
West Coast, I fuck hoes and eat Roscoes
Got gold
With diamonds in it
All the finest linen
Versace
City tryna lock me (Hahahaha)
That's my Biggie flow right there
I dunno if y'all caught that
That's that Biggie flow though
Yeah, bitch! Khalifa man, '09 star year
Got what you need right here, boy
Quit tryna be somebody and be yourself
Yeah (Hahaha)
And um... I don't know
Just look out for the next one
Bitch
I'm just a picture in a frame
I paint word pictures on the canvas of life
But I don't control the colors
Yo, I'm ten steps ahead of niggas, that shit scary
Sometimes I feel ahead of myself
I hear this voice in the back of my mind
Like "Mack maintain, just grind, dog, better yourself"
So what I do? I take heed and pick up the pace
Can't explain it when I pick up my son and look at my face
I'm like a black rose growin' in the concrete crackin' the pavement
There that voice go again "Mack practice for greatness
Get paid for them immaculate statements"
Keep thinkin' of them hot lines, like a physic, I can't explain it
There's no pen when I write it, it's nothing like it
Goddamn, what you want from me
What you want me to tell you huh?
Niggas thought that I would stutter huh, thought I was dumb
But I ain't used to use my mind, I used to just use my 9
And run wild with my boys, in the streets wild with these wars
Now the Qur'an and 48 laws, they polish my flaws
I'm movin' niggas like puppets with no strings attached
It's nothin' for Beans, so you know it ain't a thing for Mack
To look in your eyes, see through your heart, know what you fearin'
Pick you apart, like you niggas is transparent
(I see right through you niggas)
It's like Mack was born with advanced parents
I'm like the Sun shinin' at night
Imagine it dog, I know you wanna see me gradually fall
But I'm walkin' on air, breakin' every gravity law
It's nothin' like it, I swear
I spit words that skip through air
Let the words of a true thug hit your ear
It change colors like blue blood when it hit the air
It's nothin' like it
Goddamn, shit, I can't explain it
Fuck y'all niggas
I changed my whole life in about 9 months, just like sperm in a womb
These young niggas never learn 'til they doomed
Try to tell them "you can burn young punk without smellin' the fumes"
Make you shiver in the middle of June
Paint a picture so vivid, you can hang it up in your room
Shine bright like a prism, displayin' colors like Crayola
Think of the prisons with straight soldiers
Think about the niggas who fucked us and played over us
Think about the mothers who suffered and prayed over us
Just look at the the picture I'm paintin', it's so perfect
Open your eyes motherfuckers, you can't duck us
No survivors every soul shall suffer
I'm loadin' up revolvers every shell shall touch ya
I promise it's like jihad with these mags, I'ma bust ya
Goddamn it's nothin' like it, I'm serious
Can't explain how I write it
Bring 'em dead or alive (WHOA!)
Ah-oh no, bring 'em dead or alive (WHOA!)
Bring 'em dead or alive (WHOA!)
Ah-oh no, bring 'em dead or alive (WHOA!)
Bring 'em dead or alive (WHOA!)
Ah-oh no, bring 'em dead or alive (WHOA!)
Bring 'em dead or alive (WHOA!)
Ah-oh no, bring 'em dead or alive (WHOA!)
Bring 'em dead or alive (WHOA!)
Ah-oh no, bring 'em dead or alive (WHOA!)


Bring 'em dead or alive (WHOA!)
Ah-oh no, bring 'em dead or alive (WHOA!)
Bring 'em dead or alive (WHOA!)
Ah-oh no, bring 'em dead or alive (WHOA!)
Bring 'em dead or alive (WHOA!)
Ah-oh no, bring 'em dead or alive (WHOA!)
Bring 'em dead or alive (WHOA!)
Ah-oh no, bring 'em dead or alive (WHOA!)
Bring 'em dead or alive (WHOA!)
Ah-oh no, bring 'em dead or alive (WHOA!)


Bring 'em dead or alive (WHOA!)
Ah-oh no, bring 'em dead or alive (WHOA!)
Bring 'em dead or alive (WHOA!)
Ah-oh no, bring 'em dead or alive (WHOA!)
Bring 'em dead or alive (WHOA!)
Ah-oh no, bring 'em dead or alive (WHOA!)
Bring 'em dead or alive (WHOA!)
Ah-oh no, bring 'em dead or alive (WHOA!)
Bring 'em dead or alive (WHOA!)
Ah-oh no, bring 'em dead or alive (WHOA!)


Bring 'em dead or alive (WHOA!)
Ah-oh no, bring 'em dead or alive (WHOA!)
Bring 'em dead or alive (WHOA!)
Ah-oh no, bring 'em dead or alive (WHOA!)
Bring 'em dead or alive (WHOA!)
Ah-oh no, bring 'em dead or alive (WHOA!)
Bring 'em dead or alive (WHOA!)
Ah-oh no, bring 'em dead or alive (WHOA!)
Bring 'em dead or alive (WHOA!)
Ah-oh no, bring 'em dead or alive (WHOA!)
You like to ride... (uh)
(So "why don't) you and your friends (get with) me and my friends"
"(My friends) my friends, my friends, my friends"
Would you like to ride?
(I don't know what happened, it's just like, heh)
"So why don't you and your friends get with me and my friends"
"My friends, my friends, my friends, my friends"
I had that little ass Nissan at your crib showin' up
Liquor store out of Arbor Mist, we Irish Rosed it up
Then we rolled to the movies, you rocked your fake Chloes
You had Gap and Gucci, that's still two G's
But that's that last year purse like it's still too cheap
Ooh you so bougie boo you could have fooled me
'Cause five years ago you was so Fugees
Now you don't want nothin' unless it cost a few Gs
You like the light-skinned Ania, the dark-skinned Aaliyah
The black Jennifer Lopez, a ghetto senorita
You remind me of my Jeep, but not no Kia
We can talk on your cell, but not Nokia
It be goin' in and out, that's why I barely hear ya
It be goin' in and out like a robbery ah
I'm tryin' to take this money like Rob and G. Dep
Then I'mma take you to the house like Trick and Trina
Would you like to ride shotgun in the Escalade
"So why don't you and your friends get with me and my friends"
"My friends, my friends, my friends, my friends"
Like a cloud in our sky, grab your things let's fly away
"So why don't you and your friends get with me and my friends"
"My friends, my friends, my friends, my friends"


Would you like to ride shotgun in the Escalade
"So why don't you and your friends get with me and my friends"
"My friends, my friends, my friends, my friends"
Like a cloud in our sky, grab your things let's fly away
"So why don't you and your friends get with me and my friends"
"My friends, my friends, my friends, my friends"
Would you like to ride shotgun in the Escalade
"So why don't you and your friends get with me and my friends"
"My friends, my friends, my friends, my friends"
Like a cloud in our sky, grab your things let's fly away
"So why don't you and your friends get with me and my friends"
"My friends, my friends, my friends, my friends"

Merry Christmas to all, and all a good night
Huh, now we all livin’ the good life
Yeah, though it’s forty below the wind chill
And we wipin’ snow up off the windshield
It’s still wonderful night to be alive, baby
And I’m so happy I’m with my baby
And we a little late with the Christmas gifts
Rushin’ for the mall, don’t trip, you know I drive crazy
The streets lit up, it feel like Christmas officially
Told her that “You the star at the top of my Christmas tree”
My only question is, “Where my presents?”
She said, “Shhh,” she got a gift for me that ain’t for the kids to see
Well, I like the way you think, mami
Now pour some more eggnog in your drink, mami
You've been a bad girl, give Santa three kisses
Gave her the hot chocolate, she said, “It’s Dee-ricious”
Hahahaha, yeah









Now, I don’t know what the hell this song is talking ‘bout
Do you?
She said, "Yeah, I’ve been spending all day trying to figure that out
You too?"
The arms race made 'em raise they arms and race straight to the top
Who knew?
Right now, they got the number one spot; do you want that?
Me too
One thing I gotta call out boy
Take a look at Fall Out Boy
Since they ain’t black
When they get money they don’t ball out boy
They just buy tight jeans till they nuts hang all out boy
They figure Ye' dress tight
So we gon' dress tighter
He dress white, so we gon' dress whiter
So in spite of anything you might of
Seen or heard, this scene occurred
Word





I got a girl at home but she don't cook
I have my condoms in the stove cause she won't look
And she never ever go to the grocery store
So I figure its safe to pull a grocery ho
She was buyin Alize out the liquor isle
She said "I hope its not too ghetto"
Rocked all gold force back in style
I kept her number on file for my girl be actin wild
Like last week I told her take me to the mall
But she don't drive
My other girl picked me up at 3:05
She got a brand new car, 16
Now the car only 1 years old, oh
Man but the body look grown, whoa
Before I catch a case I better take my ass home
Where the problems is, arguments be Daly like Carson is
But the problem is..
We can't even sit and talk no more, without you arguing
Girl you must be out of your mind, no no no
You're the one who started it
Hold up, wait a second man
That's that thrift store info, that's all second hand
Why don't you talk to the mouth of the horses 'bout my Porsches
Condos in front of the golf courses
Instead you stay up, countin every second like a fake Roley
I'm real, so you know I move real slowly
The way the censorship'll go off, you know me
I ain't call you, you wanna know why?
Im in Noha, Hon aloha, pushin jet skis so I
Couldn't return the pages on my Motorola
Nextel, my cell, it don't work down there
What happened in Cancun? Stays down there
What's happenin here? Made me wish I stayed down there
Take a seat, why you always makin a beef?
You know these walls too thin in this apart-a-ment
Now everybody hearin our arguments
But the problem is..
Man, boo you know what I do
So don't trip when I come home after 2 or 3 or 4
I ain't messin with them girls no more
It's weak, the benz coupe is so sweet
When I roll down the street, tears roll down her cheek
She said, "You must love that car more than me
And nigga I was with you before the cheese
So you need to work on your pri-or-ities
If she went with Fabolous I bet that she would be
A-R-G-U-I-N-G and please
I'm not actin like this cause I'm getting spins on
W-K-R-P in Cincinnati
You think I'd get my voice so deep like
W-K-R-P in Cincinnati
That's how much of a fuck I give
You seen cribs? That's how the fuck I live
As far as this?
Now, blaze that!
(Stand up!) (*uh*) (stand up!) (*yeah*)
(Stand up!) (*uh*) (stand up!) (*uh*)






Now, uh, me and Luda wasn't good at computers
So we dropped out of school cause we tried to fuck the tutor
Her ex man drove a Mercury Cougar
I hit him with this maneuver he just couldn't recooper'
We got vouchers to stand on these couches
James Brown couldn't tell me, "get down!"
We got foreign cars and houses
We got porno stars and spouses
You trying to stab one like Jack The Ripper
Trying to get two like Jack "The Tripper"
My nigga Tone been locked for a minute
He come home from the street he gone want those strippers
And I'm a big tipper I don't even be tripping
This my first real Rolex, it don't even be ticking
This my first pair of earrings I can wear in the shower
Without'em clouding up in a half an hour
So that basically mean my paper getting mean
Four G's in a paper denim jeans
The pink rocks red hot like Anthony Kiedis
You see these, these is the sweetest Adidas
We FIRE, y'all RETIRE
All ugly people please!, be quiet!
Hov ain't get a beat from me in a minute
He heard "Just to Get By" and I was rehired
I got a track right now that could save my ass
It ain't a song it's a video, call Dave Meyers
Y'all drop 20 G's on the Sprewell rims
I give that money to another to get some real spins


What if I told you
The dreams on the other side
The dreams on the other side
Go there with me tonight










Go, go, go, go
Go, go, go, go
Go, go, go, go
Go, go, red light, green light
No no
But don't talk
To me
At all
And don't talk to anyone I know
At all
And tell everybody never talk
To anyone
That anyone knows.
Don't talk to themselves
Don't talk ever again
Yo, I said don't
I said don't talk!

It's your boy, Kanye to the
And we back
Feeling better than ever, huh?
Yo John, can't complain, huh?
Shit nigga, you got a deal on Def Jam
Got Cons' with me, we in the works
Got my best friend GLC, the Knockout King
Through the doctor's exact calculations
He said, "Nigga, you almost bust the Final Destination
Shit, you must have had a blessing from Pastor Mason"
'Cause that trip to L.A. could have been my last vacation, what?
I mean, there's people at war right now
We can't be sitting up here, complaining about the bills
Complaining about whatever beef we may have
We good, man, we blessed





So now, that was funny, right?
I imagine the skit was probably funny too.
It wasn’t that funny, to be honest with you. It was a five, I’d give it. So I do want to ask you one more thing about the tweets because I just want to be clear--bring up that...yeah, that--do you really think I look like SpongeBob?
It’s the first thing that came to my mind.
Where were you when you were writing those tweets. I like to imagine, on the toilet.
Yeah, that’s when I think of the best shit.
I was just at my place here, my old home here in LA. As we were writing it, there was a frustration I was getting out, but also they were really funny to me as I was writing it, and I just thought it was so amazing that I was saying this in real time, in real life. You know, with my position, people are so scared to say anything, you know, as soon as you’re a celebrity, you’re not to say anything anymore. But just to completely wild out…
The only reason I could do that is because we could speak on a similar level, and we can go back and forth.
It was a crazy thing, to see that happen, as far as just the technology, and all of a sudden, everyone in the country knew you and I were having a really dumb fight.
I just thought that that was amazing, to crack media, in a way. You know, I feel that media does everything they can to break creatives, to break artists, to break people’s spirits, and I do everything I can to break media.
From my standpoint, sometimes I’ll think of things and maybe it’s two o’clock in the morning on Saturday night, and my wife will go, “Don’t tweet that. Do not tweet that.” Because people take things out of context, but you just do it, you don’t care.
You shoulda saw the second set of tweets…
Save them for next time.
I do just want to say congratulations on your new baby. In fact, I brought you a little gift. I made fun of this, but there really is such a thing as leather jogging pants, and there’s some tiny little leather jogging pants
Fashion isn’t always practical. It’s more about emotion, it’s more about swag. It’s more about, you know, pussy. It’s more about, like, club. It’s more about style and stuff.
I remember me and my boy Virgil, that created the line Pyrex Vision. We sat as interns at Fendi like six years ago. We had cue cards and everything, and the leather jogging pants is one of the things we presented that didn’t go through, and the reason I brought that up in the Zane interview is because there are people who made whole careers off of creating leather jogging pants. It became a phenomenon over the past three years. And it was to say, you know, I would sit with Hedi Slimane, who’s now the head designer of Saint Laurent, and he’d say, “Stop giving these big brands your ideas and everything.” And it would just be like, what I was trying to express in the Zane interview was, like, me--I know I’m hip hop, and a rapper and everything--but I’ve got ideas that mean something if I could put the proper production around them. So when do a Nike Yeezy or a Louis Vuitton shoe, the production around it was at the same level as the production on my CD, or when me and Rick Rubin or Mike Dean of whoever are working together. But if I go out and make my own t-shirt or something, and I call it “Kanye,” everybody’s gonna think about when I just called myself a creative genius, and say “What’s so genius about this?” But when people line up for the Yeezy, they’re like, “Oh, wow, this is like really genius.” You need that production.
But currently in fashion and the way the fashion world works, there’s no black guy at the end of the runway in paris, in all honesty. And that’s what I was talking about when the Truman Show hit the boat.
What about a Steve Harvey collection?
Yeah, no. There’s no Steve Harvey collection. No extra buttons on jackets or anything like that.
But for Michael Jackson, Michael Jackson had to fight to get his videos on MTV because he was considered to be “urban.” This is Michael Jackson.
That’s true. He was considered a Black artist and was not right for MTV at that time.

It’s snobbery--

But when they show up at your house in the middle of the night, and your wife and your daughter are there, there’s no human decency there.
It’s a lack of decency.
Kanye West, everybody.
A hunnid years from now we gon' all be dead, all be dead
All be dead, so tonight, bitch, I might as well get head
A hunnid years from now, we gon' all be dead, all be dead (boom)
So, tonight, I might as well get head
Don't ask about my daughter, don't ask about my family
Don't ask about a debt, like you finna help
Nigga, fuck you and yourself, I can tell it wasn't a deal
All positive vibes, hashtag fuck a bitch, God want it, want it back (click, boom)
Never good I know, bitch kinda want a man
More stuntin', why you niggas always mad? (ayo)
Apologize to Pablo, apologize to Pablo, apologize to Pablo
Wild nigga from the south, ayy, south, southside of Chicago, ugh (perfect)
Them niggas, that's nigga, that nigga, tell me I'm that nigga, ugh (perfect)
Them niggas, that's that, that nigga, tell me I'm that nigga, ugh (you)
One day, karma gon' getcha, uh (you)
Waitin' here, sittin' with the .45
I been waitin' for this shit my whole life
Hunnid years, though, we gon' all be dead, all be dead
All be dead, so tonight, I might as well get head









When it's dark, you light it
No way can we deny it
Your love so sweet
It knocks us off our feet
We get so weak in the knees, we can hardly speak
We lose all control, Lord's spirit takes over us
In a daze it's been so amazing
It's not a phase, we want you to stay with us by our side
We follow your light, your love is so sweet
It knocks us right off of our feet
Can't explain why your love, it makes us weak
We throw up our hands and surrender to what you're doing
He's changing our lives in such amazing ways
Whenever we feel your presence, we can't stop moving
It's a feeling that we want to stay
'Cause our heart starts beating triple time
With thoughts of loving you on our minds
We stand on your word, believe it's true
That the cause and cure is you
We get so weak in the knees, we can hardly speak
We lose all control, Lord's spirit takes over us
In a daze it's been so amazing
It's not a phase, we want you to stay with us by our side
We follow your light, your love is so sweet
It knocks us right off of our feet
Can't explain why your love, it makes us weak
We get so weak, blood starts racing through our veins
We get so weak, Lord, it's something we can't explain
We get so—, something 'bout the way you do the things you do-ooh-ooh
It knocks us right off of our feet
Can't explain why your love, it makes us weak
Can't explain why your love, it makes us weak
Can't explain why your love, it makes us weak

I wanna see what's under there, there
Now put it in the air
Yeah, load it on my Macbook Air
It's a new form of macking, don't be old fashioned
Update your passion
Only reason why I be iChattin'
Is when it's time for some action
I wanna hit it way, way out like John Paxson
But for now I just gotta watch her practice
Send her a picture so she see it
She says, I-I-I can't believe it
Ohh, she all on me, on me
Ohh, I think she want me, want me
I think she showed her homies
Why? Cause all the homies on me
Ayo, all the digital gonna have to do for now
But I'mma break it down when I get back in town





When you seen the picture cut off the face
Now cover up the tattoo by the waist
Let the MC search till I reach third base
And when I get home I'mma hit home plate
Wait, would this be considered our first date?
Yay, this picture just looks so trash
Your body make a baller spend cook coked cash
Plus every good girl wanna go bad
And pose in the mag like Stacy Dash
Or Kim Kardashian and be a lady addict
You know what's a crazy thing?
A girl would make you wait longer than AC Green
Passion of the Christ, thirty three year old virgin
That's disrespectful, baby, don't encourage him
I like them brown, yellow, Puerto Rican or Persian
Dashiki, kimono, or turban
They say I dress white but my swag so urban
Tryin' my luck, I hit her with the text say
Baby, you up, question mark
And she reply YES-S-S-I-R

If I could, I'd give you the world
Wrap it all around you
Won't be satisfied with just a piece of this heart
My angel, oh angel
You're my angel, oh angel
Oh, dreams are dreams
Some dreams come true
I found a real dream, baby when I found you
You're so strong but tender too
You're my angel
You're my angel
You're my angel
You're my angel
Oh my God, Ronny!

On that new body, old dick don't count
One new titty, those tits don't bounce
Want, gonna do six, no bounce
Gotta run it up before the sun on our account
Fuck on the thot, we ain't runnin' without the stacks
Your friends need an ass so we checkin' my account
One false account, I gotta check it for the stacks
Uh, uh, face down
Funny how the problems is the situation
You and her are somethin', now on vacation
And never gonna settle for this vacation
Going for the son, like the vacation
Two weeks here is like a stay-cation
Take facetime, wanna stay patient
What they gonna do, huh, stay ace huh?

Bounce, hold it, where we signin' for amount?
Bounce, make me want to look at your account
Friend need an ass, let me look at my account
Let me see you, uh, let me see that boy bounce
Bounce, situation, fuck with something on every situation
Prayin' like the sun, you want to stay patient
But you got new body and you got it, one of one
Can't wait to see your new body
Now you're actin' like you don't know nobody
You said that no body count on this new body
(Old dick don't count, these titties don't bounce)
Ooh, will you come through shortie?
Ooh, will you come through shortie?
Ooh, will you come through shortie?
Ooh, will you come through shortie?
Gotta come through for me
Ooh, will you come through shortie?
Gotta come through for me
Ooh, will you come through shortie?
Gotta come through for me
Ooh Mike Dean, we got Mike Dean in the building
Plain Pat, what up?
I've always been the same since back in the day
Always felt like we should get paid
To be on magazines or we get played
Why did he say it? I don't know, ask Gabe
Now I'm on the magazines where the roses are
Poppin' champagne and that Rosé Don
Won a few awards then we went on tour
And yup in my bag a whole bag of porn
Magazines hate him, then they love him
Then they hate him (we hate him)
Fuck it, what to say then? (fuck it)
Cover of The Fader (yeah)
Now I'm on my way up (Now I'm on my way up!)
Now you want me say what? Huh, you want me say what?
I be talking my shit so I guess I'm an asshole
They be kick and pushin' like Lu Fiasco
And I guess every time I'm just gon' get in that mode
Suck up to the press, I guess I missed that boat
I did an interview with The Rolling Stones
Read the interview, man, the whole shit wrong
Far as this shit go, you know the way I wanna glow
I need Al Gore to recount that vote
You know you know you know, you know
You think that you know, but you have no idea
You think you really know, but you have no idea
You think you really know, but I'm right here
You think you really know, but you have no idea
And I'm gon' be the same my whole career, yeah
I'm gon' stay the same my whole career, you know?
We serve an excellent God
He is worthy of excellent prayers
We've come today to show our love to Him
Come on, lift your voice and sing
Oh, Lord
How excellent
How excellent
How excellent
How excellent
Is thy name
Come on, lift your voice to Him and sing
Oh, Lord (How)
How excellent (Nobody like our God)
How excellent (Pure in all of his ways)
How excellent (Come on, lift it up to the King)
How excellent
(Is) Is thy name
In all the Earth (In all the Earth)
In all the Earth (In all the Earth)
In all the Earth (In all the Earth)
In all the Earth (In all the Earth)
Jesus, excellent (Hallelujah)
Is thy name
In all the Earth (In all the Earth)
In all the Earth (In all the Earth)
In all the Earth (In all the Earth)
In all the Earth (In all the Earth)
Jesus, excellent
That's the name that heals
That's the name that delivers
I tell ya, call it
Jesus, excellent
God has given him a name
The name, Jesus
Jesus, excellent
Is thy name
Hallelujah
Anybody love that great name?
Anybody love that great name?
C'mon, praise that great name
That great name saved you
That great name healed you
That great name delivered you
Come on, let's praise the great name of Jesus
Hallelujah, hallelujah
Ay I'm working here, know what I'm saying
Try to put yourself in my shoes for a second
Its not personal I'm just sayin though
Ay look
From when the moon came out 'till the sun came up
I was supplyin' the days when where they flame up
Our mamas passing, by trying to explain us
Pissing in the bushes like they never house trained us
But, try to understand thats how we came up
You get to know us, you'll love us but you can't change us (naw)
Really we rather be rich and famous
But in the mean time were forced to slang dust
'Dro or crack cocaine, Penicillin to Rogaine
Ecstacy, Viagra, whatever'll get the dough mayne
I'm tired of people misrepresenting my domain
Oh you think we out here killing for nothing, hustling
For no gain (picture that)
Hey man I'm just doing my job
Hey lady, don't mind me I'm just doing my job
I don't wanna make your life more harder, I'm just doin my job
You live here, I work here I'm doing my job
I don't know if you don't know, don't care or can't see
Every time something up in the hood, it ain't me
And I ain't always up to no good and on the creep
So you ain't always gotta pass through the hood without speaking (how you doin'?)
We ain't out here threatening your lives, raping your children
We just out here staying alive, making a million (you know)
Working hard, trying to survive chasing a mill-ion
You hear us talking loud, just think of us as chameleons
Adapting to situations, but accusations of stealing
And burglarizing your house, I mean you just hurting my feelings
We got lives, we wanna live nice too
We got moms, dads, wives, kids just like you
But our options are few, it's hell in high school
When your helping with the rent lights and the gas bill too
So before you go judging us loving us won't hurt
When you're under 25, staying alive's hard work
Hey man I'm just doing my job
Hey lady, don't mind me I'm just doing my job
I don't wanna make your life more harder, I'm just doin my job
You live here, I work here I'm doing my job
And for you to see what I'm saying, open eyes will help
If you could think about somebody besides yourself
Why you pointing fingers at me, analyze yourself
Quit all that chastising and try to provide some help
Instead of calling the law and busting my balls
With all due respect, we don't even be fucking with y'all (maan)
And we can't help it cause it is like this
We don't like it no more than you that we live like this
Always stuck in the grind, summertime to wintertime
Cutting school to sell fifty dimes by dinner time
See everything we know we learned from the streets
Since thirteen I've been hustling and earning my keep
Hey man I'm just doing my job
Hey lady, don't mind me I'm just doing my job
I don't wanna make your life more harder, I'm just doin my job
You live here, I work here I'm doing my job
I had a dream. I had a dream that I was Steve Jobs. I had a dream that I was Walt Disney. I had a dream that I was The Wright Brothers. I had a dream that I was Thomas Edison. I had a dream that I was Mandela. I had a dream that I was Martin Luther King. I had a dream, I had a dream, I had a dream. I had a dream, I had a dream. And I'm not afraid to dream out loud. You know you just get so scared that people are gonna think you're crazy, or that you're stupid, or that you're foolish, or this is the time that everybody thinks you're losing your mind, but I'm not losing my mind, I'm using my mind! I'm not losing my mind, I'm using my mind. So don't mind me, don't mind me, don't mind me. I'm not losing, I'm not losing my mind, I'm using my mind. So don't mind me, nevermind me, never, never, nevermind me. If what I'm saying, appeals to you, and makes you feel like you can be a better you, than thats good for me. And if what I'm saying offends you, and makes you feel like the worst you, than that's good for me too, true. That's good for me too, true. That's good for me too, true
Cause most people, you know they say, they say people in my position, what ever that position is, like a celebrity or you make money, you have some type of status or some shit, you don't wanna fuck it up right? You don't wanna ruin your name, you don't wanna say anything wrong. So what you do is you get on TV you just smile, you just wave, and you try to be as safe as possible, cause you don't wanna fuck up enough, BUT I WANNA FUCK EVERYTHING UP!!! I WANNA FUCK EVERYTHING UP! I WANNA FUCK UP AS MUCH AS POSSIBLE 'CAUSE I'm STILL BEATING! As long as my heart is beating, as long as I'm dreaming. And I'mma stay kicking and dreaming, kicking and screaming, kicking and dreaming
I feel like it's my responsibility to turn up. I feel like it's my responsibility to turn up. And I stand here, the Gemini that I am, and there are so many examples throughout our history: Miles Davis, Biggie Smalls, Lauryn Hill, Prince, 2Pac. The Gemini that I am, it is my responsibility to turn up and tell you the truth. And if I get in so much trouble for telling you the truth, and if I, if I get in so much trouble for telling you the truth, then the rest of the time, the rest of the time, what the fuck were they telling you? If I get in so much trouble for telling you the truth, then the rest of the time, what the FUCK were they telling you?!? What the fuck are they telling you? So don't let nobody kill your dreams, don't let nobody tell you what you can do. Cause the more you accomplish, the more they wanna say you look like a fool. Following what you want to tonight, and you gotta an opportunity in the world
Why all bad bitches keep they phone face-down?
Bad girls always keep they phone face-down
I love you when you face-down (ayy, ayy, yeah, yeah, yeah)

Why all bad bitches keep they phone face-down?
Bad girls always keep they phone face-down
I love you when you face-down (ayy, ayy, yeah, yeah, yeah)


You ready?
Yes, ha ha ha
Yeah, yeah
Let's go, L.A.C
My music, my life, my heart, my soul
My music, my everything, I give my all
My wife, my daughter, my love, my dream
My mother, my father, my brother, my team
My camp, my squad, my house, my car
My boat, my shoes, my pants, my shirt
My coke, my sugar, my cream, my butter
My toast, my all, my queen, my folks

Now I lay me down to sleep
I pray the Lord, my soul to keep
If Muzik should die before I wake
I pray the Lord, my soul to take
She's thick, she's bad, so clean, she's fine
She loves, she hates, she laughs, she cries
She hurts, she lies, she's Bonnie, I'm Clyde
She's ghetto, she's real, she sings, she rhymes
She comes, she goes, she lives, she dies
She sexy and bomb, she blows my mind
She stays in line, she's smart, she's funny
She's crafty and cunning, in the game she's running
Her lips, her back, her waist, her thighs
Her face, her skin, her hair, her eyes
Her voice, her shape, her hips, her mind
Her love, her smile, her touch, her time
I'm tipsy, I'm through, I'm drunk, I'm blunted
My way, my day, my life - I love it
I move, I groove, I shake, I love it
My friends, my kins, I like, I love it
I show, I prove, I live, I learn
I show, I teach, I run these streets
My kin, my heart, my heat, my rhythm
My rap, my beat, my life, my head and my feet
My heart, my soul, my candy, my cake
My platinum, my gold, my land, my gate
My Benz, my lake
My keys, my money, my love, my hate
My clothes, my phone, my house, my home
My money, my comb, my sugar, my spice
My base, my chrome
My rhythm, my music, my home
My world, my girl, my life, my home, my...
You might think you do
But you don't know
It's like a dream come true
But you don't know
Man I promise, I'm so self-conscious
That's why you always see me with at least one of my watches
Rollies and Pasha's done drove me crazy
I can't even pronounce nothing, pass that ver-say-see
Man I spent four hundred bucks on this
Just to be like, nigga you ain't up on this
That's why I'm iced out, medallion heavy on the wrist
My niggas servin' the checks like the first and fifth-teenth
So insecurr, cut that coke 'til it's so unpure
We all need furs by December the third
Cause you heard, Chicago winters is extra burr
Bricks, nicks, nigga so herb
Hustlin' to the whole world, never sober
Seats in the Rover, soft as sofurrs
Ballin so hurr 'till I need a chauffeur
You might think you do
But you don't know
It's like a dream come true
But you don't know
Man I promise, she's so self-conscious
She has no idea what she's doing in college
That major that she majored in don't make no money
But she won't drop out, her parents will look at her funny
Now, tell me that ain't insecurr
The concept of school seems so secure
Sophomore, three yurrs, ain't picked a carurr
She like, fuck it, I'll just stay down here and do hair
Cause that's enough money to buy shorty a few pairs of new Airs
Cause her baby-daddy don't really care
She's so precious with the peer pressure
Couldn't afford a car so she named her daughter Alexis
She had hair so long that it looked like weave
Then she cut it all off, now she look like Eve
And she be dealin' with some issues that you can't believe
Single black female addicted to retail, and well
You might think you do
But you don't know
It's like a dream come true
But you don't know
It may seems we living the nigga's American dream
But the people highest up got the lowest self-esteem
The prettiest people do the ugliest things
As any means to get that green
Cause society done turned us all into fiends
For the road to riches and diamond rings
And what about the teens moms hearts that broke?
Niggas got killed over Starter coats
But I can feel why the shorties be mad as shit
Without the Jordans, he feelin' inadequate
He be feelin' so insecure
Dawg, why that nigga got it? Man life unfair
He be feelin' like fuck the world and furthermore
Feelin' like it's worth
Killin' a person for
But when that pain's gone, it just hurts some more
It seems the sun never shine, that we searchin' for
You might think you do
But you don't know
It's like a dream come true
But you don't know
You might think you do
But you don't know
It's like a dream come true
But you don't know








I’m feeling like Stevie right now, you know…
I had the strangest feeling lately
The nigga's so fake I'm off it
And every time they flake like frosted
I just make my profit
And get a girl who barely bra fit
Aw shit! He back on his feet like carpet
He was just playing possum
Playing like I wasn't awesome?
Yeah I got some jokes, don't I?
Ha ha ha, laugh it up
And they'll be wack
And we'll be the last ones cracking up
Matter fact, because you nigga wanna doubt me?
Let's see how it feel without me
Taking off on this rocket, Yao Ming

Ayy, uh
Somebody
Gotta be the bad guy
I had a bad day at work
Don't wanna have a bad night, ayy

Somebody
Gotta be the bad guy
I had a bad day at work
Don't wanna have a bad night, ayy


I'ma watch the nigga nose shatter like a picture
I'ma keep a whole lotta lead for these pistols (what?)
But you know I'm gon' suspend her

Somebody
Gotta be the bad guy
I had a bad day at work
Don't wanna have a bad night, ayy


Me and your parents is cool. You know how many people wish they could be signed to G.O.O.D. Music, get their life changed? Had that opportunity? Never... forget that. I'm so hurt. I feel so disrespected.
Kid Cudi, we two black men in a racist world. I wore skinny jeans first. I got called names before you bruh. Why y'all gotta be coming at me? This ain't the end of the "Malcolm X" movie!
I'm out here fighting for y'all! Creatives. Artists. Independent thinkers.
Don't never mention my name! In a bad manner!
None of y'all!
Woke up today feeling Godly
Glad to be part of God's body
Lord, you're welcome en mi casa
Heaven's gon' be one big ol' party
Thankful for all we've been given
You always take care of Your children
Every single moment we lift Him up
All of God's people stay winnin'
Oh, we knew life would be alright
But who could have known it'd be this good?
Oh, Lord
It gets better, better, better, better
Give your life to Christ, he'll give you paradise
Woke up today feeling Godly
Glad to be part of God's body
Lord, you're welcome en mi casa
Heaven's gon' be one big ol' party
Thankful for all we've been given
You always take care of Your children
Every single moment we lift Him up
All of God's people stay winnin'
Oh, we knew life would be alright
But who could have known it'd be this good?
Oh, Lord
It gets better, better, better, better
Give your life to Christ, he'll give you paradise
Give your life to Christ, he'll give you paradise
Give your life to Christ, he'll give you paradise
Woke up today feeling Godly
Glad to be part of God's body
Lord, you're welcome en mi casa
Heaven's gon' be one big ol' party
Thankful for all we've been given
You always take care of Your children
Every single moment we lift Him up
All of God's people stay winnin'
Oh, we knew life would be alright
But who could have known it'd be this good?
Oh, Lord
It gets better, better, better, better
Give your life to Christ, he'll give you paradise
Give your life to Christ, he'll give you paradise
Give your life to Christ, he'll give you paradise
I don't know why niggas tripping on a nigga
For clippers, I hate you niggas too
But I'm black and Mexican, we gon' change that, haha
I hate you niggas too!
If you ain't had good pussy, nigga, try some
Your girl ain't got no ass, she need to buy one
Out west, Southwest, where you fly from
New Jersey, Teterboro where I fly from
You ain't got no Ghost, you need to drive one
That bitch is so broke, try to find some
And she ain't got no money, tryna find some
I swear these bitches funny, hahaha
Hahaha, hahaha
I swear these bitches funny, hahaha
Hahaha, hahaha
You still owe me money, nigga, yeah, yeah

If you ain't had good pussy, nigga, try some
Your girl ain't got no ass, she need to buy one
Out west, Southwest, where you fly from
New Jersey, Teterboro where I fly from
You ain't got no Ghost, you need to drive one
That bitch is so broke, try to find some
And she ain't got no money, tryna find some
I swear these bitches funny, hahaha
Hahaha, hahaha
I swear these bitches funny, hahaha
Hahaha, hahaha
You still owe me money, nigga, yeah, yeah

If you ain't had good pussy, nigga, try some
Your girl ain't got no ass, she need to buy one
Out west, Southwest, where you fly from
New Jersey, Teterboro where I fly from
You ain't got no Ghost, you need to drive one
That bitch is so broke, try to find some
And she ain't got no money, tryna find some
I swear these bitches funny, hahaha
Hahaha, hahaha
I swear these bitches funny, hahaha
Hahaha, hahaha
You still owe me money, nigga, yeah, yeah
I started small time, dope game, pushin on the corner
Twenty cent cook-up, fifty flippers if you want 'em
Full of formaldehyde, my clothes wreakin marijuana
Cops rollin up on us, my neighborhood's like a sauna
Pistol-grippin, insurin won't nobody run up on us
But if they do, fuck 'em, we murderous nickel-dome 'em
I ain't playin no games, I'm on a mission fo' the change
Motherfuck being a lame, I'm ten toes in the game - deep
I can't slip, this whole world want me sleep
See I hustle like a predator and prey on the weak
And playin for keeps, 'cause see, it's a thin red line
Between a nigga gettin his and me gettin mine
And plus I'm a nigga with that feelin like it's my time
And anybody standin' in the way of that is dyin'
I bust nine—how many times I gotta warn you?
I ain't the one, be pushin buttons in the sight of my gun
I'm the real live version of the Corleone family
So I spit this clearly, so you hoes'll understand me
One wrong move, and I'ma have to leave you for the goons
Catch you slippin asleep in your bedroom and then (Explosion)
Get you Audi, now what the fuck was this dude thinkin?
You can cheat the rules of the streets, and not leave stinkin?
I can squeeze without blinkin, I'm a cold-blooded nigga
Bank robber (ooooh) I'm a natural born killer
Drug dealer, anything it took to survive
Even if it took a nigga to die, I'm a gangsta, right?
I got a brick from a sucker that he wanted to move
But the whole while I'm cookin I'm like, "Fuck this dude"
It's on, thirty-six zones of my own
Keep the money fo' myself and take the work back home
Call that nigga on the phone, "Ay", I just got knocked
And the cops was askin bout you, come get me hot
Never showed, so fuck him and the money that I owed
I got a get rich quick scheme, steppin on the dope
It's cold, but that's it, I'm on it like I want it
And twenty-eight cash and change, the whole game on it
That means I'm on my feet and I can front the homies D
Break 'em off a couple of C, and double up they fee
Takin over, shoot up they spot, make it hot
And when the cops dry it out, put my work on the block
And if they wanna ride for they corners we ride right with 'em
Dummy move, whole thing, the goon squad get 'em
No mo' petty rock hustlin, I'm in for the run
And I'm fo'sho I'm gon' be murdered for this shit that I done
But I'mma die standin up cause I'm a stand up nigga
Fuck dyin like a bitch on my knees, I'm a killer
So don't nobody cry cause I was destined to get it
Just remember, I'm the one who took the dope game and flipped it
And pimped it, and destroyed everything in the way
Of me seein first motherfuckin light of the day
A trigger man, deadly as fuck with a loaded AK
Spot my enemy and kill him the American way
I turned a dream into reality, with a fuck you mentality
Silencin all these niggas in the neighborhood who challenged me
Family grievin from they loved one's mortality
He ain't got a reason to die then kill him, it's a tragedy
Right?
(if you invited me)
Yeah, Cav Love, brown sugar
Bout to set it like, yeah yeah y'all (uh huh)
Yeah yeah y'all (uh huh) yeah yeah y'all (uh huh)
(if you invited me)
Adjust my mic so I can touch it up right quick
Show 'em how Brooklyn do, you know what I mean? (no doubt)
Listen, yo
Let's start it up (start it up)
Let's get it flowin (get it flowin)
Let's make a move (make a move)
Let's get it goin (haha)
I know it's feelin like everything you want, don't it?
And you been waitin your whole life for one moment
Well baby here it is (here it is)
You better step to it (step to it)
I know you ready right (ready y'all)
Then baby let's do it (let's do it)
Put your neck to it, put your arms and legs next to it
Then put whatever else is left to it
See you're all in (all in) now you about to rock 'em
Got your focus man, now they got a problem
Who you talkin to? son right there
The man in the mirror, I see him quite clear
Do your thing Cav (yeah son)
Work it out dog (work it out)
Open up their minds (open up)
Be about yours (bout yours)
Silence everyone who ever try to doubt yours
Get your mind right (mind right)
Keep your sound raw (sound raw)
Heavy bass man (bass man)
Make it bounce more (bounce more)
Make 'em feel it from to the ceilin to the ground floor
(if you invited me)
How it sound y'all? I know it's crazy, right
I know it's crazy tight, don't ever take me light
It's Cav Love y'all (Cav Love y'all)
And that's what's up y'all (sup y'all)
I peeped in, I know exactly what you want y'all
I make it jump y'all (jump y'all)
So put 'em up y'all (up y'all)
Brown Sugar, Brooklyn, it's bout to jump off

It's like one, two, three, and to the four
The brother Cavvy Cav is here so let him know
This for my hustlers (my hustlers)
This for my scramblers (scramblers)
This for my sexy mamis (sexy mamis)
This for everybody (everybody)
Bang it at any party and watch 'em rock to it
Bounce some pop to it, this here's hot music
Duke I'm not losin, you need to stop foolin
I know the game very well boy I'm not stupid
Sharp and smart movement, applyin a heart to it
Came here to get the ghetto blocks movin
(if you invited me)
And after rockin in the porch and backyards movin
Keep it crackin cuz I love the way that y'all do it

Hmm-hmm-hmm
Change if you can do without the things I can't get you
Hmm-hmm-hmm-hmm
Mink coats, diamond rings and cash for you to burn
Hmh-hmm-hmm
The kind of stuff you earn
Hmm-hmm-hmm-hmm
Feel like De Niro on Casino
Louis suit got me lookin' like Pacino
Got the Goose and it's chillin' on the ice
What you expect? Meet a girl, got her blowin' on the dice, ooh
She just told me, "Yandhi, you my hero"
I can tell that girl just wants the free clothes
For her cousins, aunties and her freak hoes
But her cousin's auntie is a freak-ho
Change in few can move a country
Inner peace don't cost no money
That's the stuff you learn, another lesson learned (Feel like)
Change in few can move a country (Hoo)
Inner peace don't cost no money (You know that)
That's the stuff you learn, another lesson learned (Feel like)
Hoo
Change if you can do without the things I can't get you
Mink coats, diamond rings and cash for you to burn
The kind of stuff you earn
When's enough enough bae? Hoo
Everything's all gucci when we up in Gucci
I just made a (Rrr-ghgh) and I called it Chewie
The B-I-G contour, no, this shit ain't juicy
But I just hit the fade when I'm feelin' Boosie
Been had these dreams since I was yay-high
Pull up-up in the Benz and let the bass ride
I was doin' this shit before you was outside
Everythin' is good here on our side
Everythin' is good here on our side
Now you know we off the handle (Skrrt), off the handle
Just to make an example for niggas that want hit me
But won't hit me for a sample
Change in few can move a country
Inner peace don't cost no money
That's the stuff you learn, another lesson learned (Feel like)
Change in few can move a country (Hoo)
Inner peace don't cost no money (You know that)
That's the stuff you learn, another lesson learned (Feel like)


I just got a good ass job
The pay is good but the work is too hard
And I don't want to work anymore
So I won't stop till I reach the top
Now I just bought a brand new car
GS4 but the notes is too high
So I'm gonna hit the club and pull some hoes
Before they re-possess my ride
Nigga please
You work for UPS
I work for Mickey D's
I plotted on stickin' niggas for at least fifty G's
Run up in they crib for the safe and the keys
Y'all ain't safe around me
We done made wild stacks
Made it to Cadillacs
And still get pulled over for "drivin' while black
While back bill collectors call
We ain't answer ("He ain't here")
Light company will have to come and blow out our candles
Now you know I got's to take a plane to Jamaica
I dream cash like Sega
We workin' with some paper
This spins a lot different from the Cutlass I was whippin'
Y'all niggas still trippin'
Got beef? Pop the clip in
Only a bitch would worry about his obituary
Don't worry I got something that'll get you very close to that
Burn tracks, I ain't suppose to rap, niggas told me that
Now bitch kiss my plaques, c'mon
I just got a good ass job
The pay is good but the work is too hard
And I don't want to work anymore
So I won't stop till I reach the top
Now I just bought a brand new car
GS4 but the notes is too high
So I'm gonna hit the club and pull some hoes
Before they re-possess my ride

I just got a good ass job
The pay is good but the work is too hard
And I don't want to work anymore
So I won't stop till I reach the top
Now I just bought a brand new car
GS4 but the notes is too high
So I'm gonna hit the club and pull some hoes
Before they re-possess my ride
See this in 3D
'Fore life start for me
'Fore life start for me
Thoughts and thoughts to me
80 degrees
Warmin' up to me
I did it free
I did know, indeed
And I run out to sea
I can walk on the water
Honey, I want you
I can float on the finer
Father, hold me close
Don't let me down
I know you won't
I chose not to be a slave
Dropped the Wave Runners, now we run the wave
Like we ain't have all the hood rats and mud rats
Like you ain't had 'em, good stats and all that
Nobody gon' ruin me
I just called my wife up, let's get Hoover free
I put all my ice up and my Louis V
I just copped my momma crib, I'm back over East
Let me get your ear like Holyfield
From the home of Soldier Field
Coming home, that's how a soldier feels
All that killing over, that's just overkill
Yeezy back in the Chi, this that Oprah field
See this in 3D
'Fore life start for me
'Fore life start for me
Thoughts and thoughts to me
80 degrees
Warmin' up to me
I did it free
I did know, indeed
And I run out to sea
I can walk on the water
Honey, I want you
I can float on the finer
Father, hold me close
Don't let me down
I know you won't


This that rap god shit, nigga
I rip every one of these motherfuckers down
Ayy
Rah (Yeah)
Rah, rah (Uh)
Rah, rah (Yeah)
Closed eyes (Uh), see things
Fire up (Yeah), tweaking
You in my (Uh) freak dreams
You in my (Yeah) freak dreams
Bad bitch, you dig that
Get stacks, drive cars
Whip out, bitch out
Tits out, oh shit (yeah)
(My dick out)







How ever do you?
How ever do you?
How ever do you?
How ever do you?
How ever do you?
How ever do you?
How ever do you?
How ever do you?
How ever do you?
How ever do you?
How ever do you?
How ever do you?
How ever do you?
How ever do you?
How ever do you?
How ever do you?
How ever do you?
How ever do you?
How ever do you?
How ever do you?
In a world that's changing
I'm a stranger, in a strange land
There's a contradiction
And I'm stuck here in between
Life is like a desert, an oasis to confuse me
So I walk this razor's edge
Will I stand or will I fall?
Turn a blind eye
Try to pretend that nothing is what it seems
Torn between the impulse to stay
Or running away from all this madness
Who am I to decide what should be done?
If this is the end, then let it come
Let it come, let it rain, rain all over me
Like the tide, let it flow
Let it wash all over me, over me
Let it wash all over me, over me
Let it wash all over me
All of my illusions
Could be shattered, in a second
You can thread a needle
With a teardrop from my eyes
It's a cruel injustice to be witness to the things I see
Looking for the answer
When it's right in front of me
From the Tower of Babylon
Where nothing is what it seems
Gonna watch the sun going down
I'm not gonna run from all this sadness
Who am I to decide what should be done?
If this is the end then let it come
Let it come, let it rain
Rain all over me
Like the tide, let it flow
Let it wash all over me
Who am I to decide what should be done?
If this is the end then let it come
Let it come, let it rain
Rain all over me
Like the tide, let it flow
Let it wash all over me, over me
Let it wash all over me, over me
Let it wash all over me
Why are you so Paranoid?
Don't be so Paranoid
Aye, Aye
Now baby I can tell you want more cause you put less out
And every time you stepped in I could tell you stepped out
Your girlfriend said I remind her of the rest, yea
But tell yo girlfriend that she remind me of the Press
Just talkin' and talkin'
So maybe we can sneak to the back then
I know you heard about the freaks that was back then
So last week, we so right now
They so hyped up man tell 'em pipe down
And you can tell from the watch and chain
They been in and out my jeans like pocket change
Just be real, man I wouldn't be real
If I ain't have my fair share like the stock exchange
And if today tend from your past relations
Walk around witcho girl sayin that you hate men (What?)
Aye yo you either let go or you go lesbo turn around and date them
So maybe we should head to the exit
Just is from your friends not to mess with (Who me?)
Cause they caught a case with they ex-es
They mad you'd a leave while a nigga ex-stressed
But we know what it is right?
So we gone let 'em live right?
You know why they call me Big right?
Tell 'em look left while we get right
(right, right, right)


Baby don't worry about it
Lady don't even think about it
You worry bout the wrong things, the wrong thing
You worry bout the wrong thing, the wrong thing
You worry bout the wrong thing, the wrong thing
You worry bout the wrong thing




I'ma hit your front door for a bag
Niggas gon' hit your back door for a bag
Niggas out here do it for a bag
They'll do the whole thing for a bag
Please don't come to my house
Don't think about coming to my house
It's legal to kill a nigga
Gun all in your mouth
I bet them pistols come out
Please don't come to my house
Please don't come to my house
Please don't run into my house
Nigga I ain't no gangsta
Pac said don't push me
You call me faggot, you can call me a bitch, you can call me a pussy
You can call me a pussy
But please don't come to my house
Them guns all in your mouth
You can call me faggot, you can call me a bitch, you can call me a pussy
But I bet them guns all in your mouth
Now what the fuck they talkin' 'bout?
And what the fuck they talkin' 'bout?
What the fuck you talkin' 'bout?
What the fuck you talkin' 'bout?
Talkin' 'bout?
I don't give a fuck about a nigga talkin' 'bout my bag
Nigga that's entertainment, haha, I laugh
Mothafucker come in my house
Well how high? that's, nigga, your ass
Mothafuckers outside on something, I don't pay no staff
Nigga, I do the time all on my own, nigga, that's your ass
Mothafuckers I ain't sign, out here all know I spaz
I'm on something outside, I'll be at your ass
Nigga I want something like one life, one love, one shot, one kill
Nigga I'm outside on something, that's how the fuck I feel
Niggas know I'm bossed up on some stuff, that's the deal
I don't know what the nine I want, know that's real
And I do this shit for y'all niggas
And I do this shit for all niggas
And I do this shit for all bitches
And white niggas
Off in the night niggas
Off-white, light niggas
I don't even like niggas
I don't want nobody, as long as I'm alive, I don't even like niggas
All white feelin' like the KKK sometimes 'cause I don't even like niggas
Oh woah
Nigga, Ye keep it too real
Nigga, tell me how you feel
Have a little something, yeah you will
Respect my thought, bet you will
And you gon' get them phone calls
Bitches on something, when you on, woah
Going to the park, when you're on, woah
Ooee, goddamnit, God bless it
Don't test it, no questions
Don't question me
Ain't nothin' I hate more than questions
I got that bum bum intestine
I won't even try stressin', I got somethin' for the pressure
This is the great depression
I put something in the stressor
Yeah you know, yeah you know
Aaah, a-a-ah, Oooh

This could be the end for a bag
Niggas gon' hit that front door for a bag
Niggas'll hit that back for a bag
Niggas'll do you in for a bag
I'll do the whole thing for a bag
It's bad out here
It's bad out here




This my last motherfuckin' freestyle dog
If you don't let me go first this time man, you'll have to wait 'til the album come out Monday
I'm tired man I'm sick and tired
I'm just a player player
Plus it's an exclusive KanyeToThe beat? C'mon man
Fuck around throw this on your instrumental shit too
This is what I'mma have to say
Niggas old as hell, trying to get they rapping on
In the club looking like a fucking chaperone
I'm in the club, posted up, "Guess Who's Back" is on
If not that then the Just Blaze track is on
It's all Roc the world, we all got your girl
Caught your girl, never gave back your girl
Watch the rap unfurl, after Beanie Mack confirm
Kanye best producer-rapper in the world
Now I have beans, I'm going after MCs
Show 'em that this rap game made for me
Made for us, they bite and they plagiar-us
They spit the style for the niggas that made it up
That's like me buying soul beats for my album
Dog, I had to eat, I sold beats from my album
Now I got heat, I hold beats for my album
February 18th, reach for my album
Niggas forcing me to keep the heater
Black strap, white handle, I got Jungle Fever
Black Benz, white truck, and one 2-seater
I'm in the game getting change like a parking meter
And since Takeover
It feel like the whole hood try to get a Jimmy Jones makeover
I got the hood on my shoulder, city on my back
They like "Damn, I heard you charging 50 a track! I mean
You can at least give me a stack
You can't do all that hard work yourself and not give nothing back!"
You know how shit change when your name get to buzzing
This year alone I got two dozen new cousins
Niggas popping out the woodworks, talking about "you owe me"
Mama, I'm famous, niggas hate me that don't know me
Yo, I know you all suprised and shit when you see me on MTV
But keep your eyes glued to...I don't know what channel that is out here
In Chicago that's Channel 7, ABC
You might fuck around see me on Oprah Winfrey or something
Matter of fact, true story, true story
Last week...I got a little cold right now, true story, though
I'm on 40th and like 5th or something
I see an SUV and the window rolled down and shit!
And this black lady from Chicago, she like
"Yo, um, I just bought one of these in black."
You know I just got the G5 or whatever
She like, "I just got one of these in black
How does it drive?"
I'm like, "it drive more like a truck than my last one."
I'm like, "yo, but I'm from Chicago, too. I wanna be on your show!"
She said "yo, well, oh, ok, well, who are you?"
And I told her, "I'm Kanye West, a rapper."
(Nigga, uh)
Yeah, huh (nigga uh)
Why don't ya'll take a look into my life?
See what I see
(Nigga uh, nigga, nigga, nigga uh)
At the age of fourteen, introduced to coupes
Learnin' how to seduce niggas takin' they loot
Quickly, got involved with this money lifestyle
The finer things, all kinda things, power, money
Cars and diamond rings, in 9th grade flauntin'
The Gucci boots with the G's on it
A high price for this 'high price' life
While I'm on tour is my man cheatin' just for spite?
And if you only knew I hold my minks at nights with cheap
Or no other hands can hold me right
My girls ain't the same, guess it's cuz the fame
Bitches smile in my face and throw dirt on my name
Mad cuz I made it, now friends intimidated
Hate it that I'm in the same game as them
With mo' fame than them, they know who they are
This life is no joke, got us havin' to broke
You was my sister, we used to dream together
How we could make it real big, do our thing together
Huh, Thelma & Louise together, remember them days?
Them niggas we played? Now we don't even speak
Went our seperate ways, seperate lives
Lost friendship for pride, playin' the game
About to forfeit high price life, I can't afford it
My life, do ya feel what I feel?
My life, a black girl's ordeal my life
Do ya see what I see?
Have you been where I've been?
Can you go where I go? My life
Do ya'll know what it feels like?
Do ya'll know what it be like?
Do ya see what I see?
Have you been where I've been?
Can you go where I go?
Daddy's girl, in his wildest dreams
Said he think that lil' Ing will be illest in this rap-thing
Age 4 in my mother's shoes, swore I could sing
And even as a little girl I was doin' my thing
Uh, confused, I ain't asked to be born
Nigga so dumb, shoulda used a condom
Ask mommy every day, when daddy gon' come?
But he never showed up
I would pimp for them, became demented, then men?
Resented them, just the scent of 'em made me hurl
'Specially the baller ones tryin' to buy me with pearls
All I needed was love, all I wanted was love
Lack of love had me fallin' for thugs
The niggas who ain't care, just like Daddy
If he ain't care, why should they?
For this 'high price' life, it's the price I pay
My life, do ya feel what I feel?
My life, a black girl's ordeal my life
Do ya see what I see?
Have you been where I've been?
Can you go where I go? My life
Do ya'll know what it feels like?
Do ya'll know what it be like?
Do ya see what I see?
Have you been where I've been?
Can you go where I go?
All my girls cross the world that feel what I feel
Hearts bruised, then been way I been, keep it movin'
Let him do his thing, I'm the one he's lovin'
I'm here to show ya'll, havin' a kid ain't meanin' nuthin'
That ain't keepin' him, 'specially if he in love with another chick
Then you stuck with the 'babymother-shit'
Don't be lovin' niggas more than yaself
Let 'em roam, a dog always finds his way home
Shit, ya'll don't wanna take my place, catchin' cases
Spit in faces I never seen falsely accused
While some say it's rude
But if I was a dude, they all be amused
But I'm a woman, so I'm a bitch, simple as that
Double-standards, call him a Mack, call me a ho
Say I'm in it for the dough, but tell me
What the fuck he in it for?
Wanted it all, now it's all mine
Loneliness, sorrow, confusion and pain
Nightmares, headlines, "Rapper found slain"
If it wasn't for my moms I'd drown in this pain
Now ya'll see what it's like, ya'll don't wanna be me
Cuz it ain't always what it seem on TV
Shit, but this is my '9 to 5' ya'll
Sometimes I wanna slit my wrist and end my life ya'll
My life, do ya feel what I feel?
My life, a black girl's ordeal my life
Do ya see what I see?
Have you been where I've been?
Can you go where I go? My life
Do ya'll know what it feels like?
Do ya'll know what it be like?
Do ya see what I see?
Have you been where I've been?
Can you go where I go?



You see love and hate's a similar emotion
Opposite of love is the difference
That's when motherfuckers don't care about you no more
I'd rather be hated and loved than be not cared about
Rrrrra, rrrrrrra, get these motherfuckers out
See I immediately took the media
See I immediately took the media
And made it what it mean to me
I control this shit, I control the puppet strings
I am in charge of the narrative
So don't ever compare this shit
As I air this shit out, a modern day Ali
For anybody that wanna try me, see
All I ever wanted to do was take the whole time on TV and give an eleven-minute speech
They wish I would perform for these niggas
Dance. nigga. dance, dance, nigga, dance, dance, nigga, dance
I been dancing too long and y'all motherfuckers money been getting too strong
If I hear another motherfucker I put on made a million dollars a day (uh, yeah, yeah)
If I hear another motherfucker I put on made a million muhfuckin' dollars a day (uh, yeah, yeah)
(Them boys just don't know, I'ma make you love me, yeah)
(Hit me on my phone, I can't hear them other girls 'cause I got them hoes on hold)
If I say, I say (I'ma make you love me, yeah, yeah-yeah)
I'ma make you love me (yeah, yeah-yeah)
I'ma make you love me (yeah, yeah-yeah)
You never stopped loving me, did you?
(I'ma make you love me, yeah)
You never stopped loving me. did you?
Memph' Bleek always smokin that la-la-la (HOO)
Beanie Sigel always smokin that la-la-la (HOO)
Kanye track smoke like la-la-la (HOO)
It's the R.O.C. mami, sing our lullaby
C'mon!
Excuse me miss, I'm the shit
You should come, hang with me, basically
Hold up, skip all the singin' let's get right tonight mami
I know my English ain't as modest as you like
But come, get some, you little bums
I take the cake from under the baker's thumbs
I bake the cake, get two of them for one
Then I move the weight like I'm Oprah's son
Uh, I'll show you how to do this son
Young don't mess with chicks in Burberry paddings
Fake Manolo boots straight from Steve Madden (u-uh)
He padded hisself the rap J.F.K., you wanna pass for my Jaqueline Onassis
Then, hop ya ass out that S-class
Lay back in that Maybach, roll the best grass, I ask
Have you in your long-legged life
Ever seen a watch surrounded by this much pink ice?
Look but don't touch, motherfucker think twice
Cause the gat that I clutch got a little red light
Need a light?
To smoke that la-la-la
Beanie Sigel always smoking that la-la-la
Memph' Bleek always smoking that la-la-la
It's the R.O.C. mami, sing our lullaby
C'mon!
Excuse me miss, I'm the shit
You should come, hang with me, basically
Hold up, skip all the singin' let's get right tonight mami
We got brothers full of Arm'i, mami's in Manolo
Bags by Chanel, all Louis Vuitton logos
All attracted to Hov' because they know dough
When they see him, whips be European
If you're a ten, chances you're with him
If you're a five, you know you ridin' with them
Sick with the pen nigga, no physician in the world could fix him
No prescription, you could prescribe to subside, his affliction
He's not a sane man, he's more like reign man - twitchin'
You can't rain dance on his picnic
No Haitian voodoo, no headless chickens can dead his sickness
No Ouija board, you can't see me dog, nigga you CB-4
This ain't Chris Rock bitch, it's the R.O.C. bitch
And I'm the franchise like a Houston Rocket, Yao Ming!
Still smokin that la-la-la
Memph' Bleek still smokin that la-la-la
Beanie Sigel, Desert Eagle, the four-ty five
It's the R.O.C. baby, sing our lullaby
C'mon!
Excuse me miss, I'm the shit
You should come, hang with me, basically
Hold up, skip all the singin' let's get right tonight mami
She playin she hate when I'm name droppin
So when I talk rap, she gon' change topics
But I got a plan B that's planned out, for when things don't pan out
Hov' tellin ya mind brother, I'mma play shy brother
So you take the Destiny Child girl in the Coupe?
Then I'mma try bag the ones that got kicked out the group
I figured that'll be simple, I'll just help 'em with their demo
Help 'em to the limo, play the upboard instrumentals
And she - grabbed my tattoo, peeped my credentials
And she - grabbed my pants, felt the potential
And I - rubbed 'bout every essential
That have fun breakin her fundamentals
Excuse me miss, the artist of the new millenium
Has finally stopped drivin that blue Millenium
And got a good of trenny and filled it with plenty of Henney
And Rémy and weed, 'til she higher than helium
If she pass me, smoke that la-la-la
Memphis Bleek always smokin that la-la-la
Beanie Sigel, Desert Eagle, the four-ty five
It's the R.O.C. bitch, sing our lullaby
C'mon!
Excuse me miss, I'm the shit
You should come, hang with me, basically
WHOA, skip all the singin' let's get right tonight, mami

It cost Kobe seven digits to pay off Bridget
And get acquitted and break that bitch off, cause he ain't did it
Here go the Henny swig it, you know it's frigid
I got 'em chillin' in the cooler, break out the ruler, damn
Them the biggest tits I ever seen
We smokin' killer Cali gettin' weeded, make it feel like Maui
Now we feel the good vibrations
So many B.I.s, so much inspiration
I get inspired by the stunts too
I've run through (uh), so many bitches in one crew
That now they riff over bones to pick
Till I find one, and slide one
Take her home and quickly do this
I need not explain this
Cause Quence is famous for totin' stainless
Hey miss, who's there? No time to do hair
I'm through here, the show tonight, so get right
You look aight, let's club now
A rub down starts flavor while we grind in the theater
I'm tryin' to cut in the movies
I'm tryin' to give her something else to drink 'sides a smoothie
Kids get broke when I take bank and win
With the gold chains, I throw game at your bitch like handball
Cause your boy's all that
So fall back, I be that real for '03 till
Chorus: Consequence & Kanye West
This is how we chill from '03 until
This is how we chill for '03 till
This is how we chill from '03 until
This is how we chill for '03 till
This is how we chill from '03 until
This is how we chill for '03 till
This is how we chill from '03 until
This is how we chill for '03 till

Yo, niggas is jealous cause we in drops
The cops wanna stop us about every four blocks
Cause what we smokin', them sacks got no seeds
And what they got in they pockets is no cheese
When I'm postin' you better tell them hot heads, "Stay cool"
Or exit because I'm the exception to the rule
I'm reppin' through the dudes blocks with two Glocks
To bury ya; when they tear they ain't jammin'
Them cannons will make you drop
So I'm doin' sliffs of indo, showin' off for hoes
Basically, my ace has been makin' them sick tracks
While I was shootin' pornos with your wisdom
Now bring some more stacks before you ask
About the price of the tracks; the game on smash
Look, don't change the facts about these plaques
'Cause in fact, my freestyle hours over powers
Brothers can't hack it, sensitive to truth and mack bitch
'03 me, Quence and Plain Pat bitch
Chorus: Consequence & Kanye West
This is how we chill from '03 until
This is how we chill for '03 till
This is how we chill from '03 until
This is how we chill for '03 till
This is how we chill from '03 until
This is how we chill for '03 till
This is how we chill from '03 until
This is how we chill for '03 till

We got something better than gold
Blessings raining down a thousandfold
Grace and anointing overflow
Goodness and mercy follow
Glory dripping all over the place
Tables spread like a buffet
We ain't worried 'bout what people say
We gon' worship God anyway
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh (Do-do-do-do)
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh (Do-do-do-do)
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh (Do-do-do-do)
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh (Do-do-do-do)

We can feel it burning in our souls
Jesus take the wheel, that's cruise control
We just called the Holy Ghost
The doors to the church are never closed
Jesus take the wheel, that's cruise control
Like the doors in the church are never closed
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh (Do-do-do-do)
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh (Do-do-do-do)
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh (Do-do-do-do)
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh (Do-do-do-do)
Want to be your man, please...tell you why
(I know what y'all thinking)
Doop doop doop doop doop doop
(First he can't be my man, now he want to be my man)
(I wish this nigga make his mind up)
Can't live my life...tell you why
(All my niggas man we gonna have be 21 bout this shit you know)
Oh baby, oh baby
(We gonna step out the track for one sec, one sec)
Now what I got to say, seal with a kiss
Know I can't be your man why I feel like this
What I need with a woman when I live like this
Different chicks running in and out the crib like this
Maybe five, maybe six, seven, eight'll be enough
Plus the twins make ten but for you I give it up
Set times to the side just for us to live it up
Walking out of Ralph Lauren, purple label linen, yuh
It's hard for me to discuss what I envisioned for us
Lots of trust, and a crib worth a couple million plus
So what if I got a pass, labelled a dirt bag
By the minute, hearts I broken and women I hurt bad
Might I add Christian Dior and fur jackets
A part of the package, but still far from a marriage
It's easy to lose balance when hearts just start carin
With the attractions apparent, its hard to stop starin
Hey baby let me tell you sumthin, come here I need to tell you sumthin
(Tell you why)
Hey shorty let me tell you sumthin, wanna talk need to tell you sumthin
(doop doop doop doop doop doop doop)
Lil mama let me tell you sumthin, I wanna tell you sumthin
(Can't live my life...without you)
Hey baby let me tell you sumthin, Shorty I've been meanin to tell you sumthin
(Oh baby, oh baby)
If I can get a little bit of your time, shorty
I got some shit I want to get off my mind, and I know
You get enough of niggas hollerin ya fine (hey
Ask...ask ya friend man, man I got this)
Introductions seem to bug you, them partnas of mine
My bad, I know you think I'm probably lyin
Then I'mma stop to conversate, relates all of ya time...man
Look, but half of that shit is all in ya mind
Say you should follow your heart and I'm followin' mine
But anyway, when I see yo' face
Im thinking three or four days in Montego Bay
At the Half Moon, but I know she gon' say
I already have too many hoes, I know
But if I had you, all the dough I'd blow
On eleven karat pink stones trillion row
I wanna be the reason why you showing ya teeth
Without a worry in the world when you rolling with me
{*Roger Troutman's - "I Want To Be Your Man" plays*}
Heart made of stone
Hands made of hearth
Heartbroken so long
Good things don't last
Good things don't last
Good things don't last
Good things don't last
Good things
You gotta
Brace for that fall
Made for this song
Made for so long
If you'd care for me my baby
Oh oh, so long
Waves so far up
Good things don't last
Good things don't last
Good things don't last
Good things, good
Richer or poor
Better or worst
Last or first
Hungry or thirst
Sad things
Sad news
Good things to do
Nothing for you
What it means to you
Can't change or change you
You can't let it
You can't rearrange you
You can't let it
Heart made of stone
Love made of glass
Love turning cold
Good things don't last
We had a good thing
Its good, Its good uh
We had a good thing, no no no








Okay, G.O.O.D. Music has arrived
G.O.O.D. Music has arrived
G.O.O.D. Music has arrived
G.O.O.D. Music has arrived
I said Cudi's time to put your hands in the air
And wave them around like you just don't care, yeah
Said its time to put your hands in the air
And wave them around like you just don't care, yeah
I said its time to put your hands in the air
And wave them around like you just don't care, yeah






Ayo I pull up in the, errr umm, Benz
And the girls say, "Ahh", like they imitatin' Prince
Okay, when I circle the block, hop in
Me, you and your friends that's a win win win
Do whatever you want










Now as soon as I change up
Everybody else tryna step they game up
Won't they, don't they, will they, nah
Still niggas feel Ye
So do whatever y'all want, whats the deal, eh?




I told her to drive over after dude crib
Bring a couple new friends
Them last girls was too thick
How you expect me to hit?
You wanna watch Clueless
I wanna watch Foolish
Excuse me, miss, I don't appreciate your rudeness
But if you strip, I will appreciate your nudeness
I heard the best head come from girls that is toothless
Yeah my game ruthless, yeah my car roofless
Spit that "Through The Wire" over Chaka Khan, ruthless
She said she had a friend look like Janet Jackson
That bitch came over lookin' more like Freddie Jackson
Nah, nah, nah, baby, won't be no time for no action
I'm just gon' play this "Slow Jamz," holla at your man
Old school like Melle Mel
Or we could go to the D where Drelle Drel
Or DC, PG, or ATL
Back in Chi, I mean my life like a magazine
Honey wanna know the details about my ebony
Well that's XXL
Father penthouse, yeah that's upscale
Mademoiselle got a hell of a black tail
I'm feelin' the vibe, her body and soul
I heard you stay in a metropolitan home
Well let's kill all the pollyin', I offer you a Cosmopolitan
Let's jet out the club, get some oxygen
Your friends say I'm a player, you'd be lucky to keep me
You know people gon' be talkin' 'bout us weekly
My car be in a robbery
P-O-R-T but what's more important to me is that
Don't be comin' 'round my girl tryna act like Mr. Friendly
And steal the spotlight like Mr. Bentley
I spotted her like Spud McKenzie
And for them fake boobies, I paid them Benjis
Get your own
I got Paris, he got Nicky, he tried to get him a clone
He said, "Ye, you know you got extra hoes
And everything you do is extra cold"
From the Polo fleece to the Jesus piece
I got family in high places like Jesus niece
Can I please say my peace?
If y'all fresh to death then I'm deceased
And this one here is a heat rock, spit like a beatbox
The way the beat rocks, new version of Pete Rock
But for that Benz I get CL love
So I switched my girls around like 3L dub
My favorite girl wanna leave me just because I got a girlfriend
My freak girl told me now she's a Christian
My white girl wanna move back to Michigan
I'm pullin' girls off the bench like a 6th man
I'm in the club pullin' the same old two step
While Omegas doin' the same old Q step
I had my money on my mind, I was thinkin' green
She a pledge, AKA, she was pink and green
I want a good girl, she want a gentleman
We sayin' the same thing like a synonym
I wasn't really spittin' game, I was scrimmagin'
My penmanship is so hard it needs censorship
I'm a Chicagoan 'til Chicago wins
'Til we blow like Chicago wind
I don't know what's better, gettin' laid or gettin' paid
I just know when I'm gettin' one the other's gettin' away
I have to say, we goin' to mass today
We have to pray, these niggas is wack and aye I have to say
Since Pac passed away
Most these niggas don't even deserve a track from me
First of all, let's get rid of them Louis Vuitton boots
And get your tall ass out that C-Class coupe
You see the whiskey, had them girls feelin' frisky
You was with me, she said, "Who's your sensei?"
And even if they wanna get busy
And freaky like Missy and roll some weed up
You'll roll 3 blunts and fuck up 3 blunts
Mothafucka you would fuck up a free lunch
Dawg, keep it right thurr like Chingy
Your girl don't like me? How long has she been gay?
Spanish girls ask me, "No habla ingles"
And everybody wanna run to me for their sin-glay
It's funny how these wack niggas need my help
Wasn't around when I couldn't feed myself
Dawg if I was you I wouldn't feel myself
Dawg if I was you I'd kill myself
That Ethiopian chick drinkin' straight up liquor
I told her I'm Nigerian, that's straight up nigga
She claimed she ain't hear me on "The Bounce" with Jigga
She claimed she ain't see me on the basement with Tigga
Them both my niggas, I suppose
I might have been doin' a lil' frontin' for the hoes
When I flip flows, I rip shows
And your girlfriends, can I hit those?
I don't know if it's me, or do them Uggs
Got girl's feets lookin' like sheepskin rugs
Some rhyme with her name, some rhyme nameless
Don't try to treat me like I ain't famous
My apologies, are you into astrology?
Cause umm... I'm tryna make it to your anus
See that's a little Don Juan game
All across your chest like Sean John's name
Niggas tryna figure out since Kan' came
Who the rookie of the year: me or LeBron James?
They said, "Woah don't get caught up in the hype"
Ain't no tellin' they gon' love you after tonight
Well if tonight's the night, pop bottles, fuck models
Spend moeny 'til you're broke, my nigga, live your life
Cause I'm livin' international, nigga, the American dream
All my dawgs is livin' vicariously through me
If I get head from Drene, that's one for the team
Cause 702, that's one for the crew
My dawg Hip-Hop really love Claudette
So if I ever get to smash, this fuck's for you
I can barely drive the G5 down King Drive
Cause like a Brinks truck, they know there's money inside
I'ma take a little intermission
I'ma let y'all just talk about how good I rap for a minute and I'ma come back
So I dropped out of school cause I'm tryna eff the tutor
Her ex man drove a Mercury Cougar
I hit her with this maneuver, he just couldn't recuper'
I'm tryna stab one like Jack The Ripper
I'm tryna stab two like Jack The Tripper
My nigga Tone been locked for a minute
He come home, he from the skreets, he gon' want him some skrippers
And I'm a big tipper, I don't even be trippin'
This my first real Rolex, it don't even be tickin'
This my first pair of earrings I can wear in the shower
Without 'em cloudin' up in a half an hour
So that basically mean my paper gettin' jean
4 Gs in the Rocawear jeans
This top red hot like Anthony Kiedis
You see this? These are the sweetest Adidas
We fire, y'all retire
All ugly people, please be quiet
Hov ain't get a beat from me in a minute
He heard "Just to Get By" and I was re-hired
I got a track right now that could save Mya
Laughs I do though...

Woo-ooh, ooh-ooh
Switch your⁠—switch your attitude
Go 'head, level up yourself
This that different latitude
Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh
Life too short, don't troll yourself
Feel that feel, enjoy yourself





Woo-ooh, ooh-ooh
Switch your⁠—switch your attitude
Go 'head, level up yourself
This that different latitude
Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh
Life too short, don't troll yourself
Feel that feel, enjoy yourself
Girl, you owe it to yourself (Ooh-ooh, ooh)
I mean wow. You know? Man
Lookin' out my loft windows man my dreams became true
Lookin' at the mirror, wondering if it's the same dude
Lookin' at my closet wondering if it's all about clothes
Look right next to me, wondering if it's all about
Hop in the car and asked the OnStar where this life goes
And I drive so fast I blur the light post
They say Drive Slow, I say "I know"
Then errrr, away I go
And the way I flew
In this year or two
I know this is what God put me here to do
But in this excitement
You just might miss
A shorty with a demo like "Hey, you might like this"
And see
He
Remind me of me
Just a year ago
Now he
Tellin' me
I'm his her-ro-oh
I took his CD and asked him what he's lookin' for
He said, "Man, I don't know. Maybe a miracle"

There ain't no way
Your dreams are gone see the light of day
Don't believe
That you can't achieve
Whatever you're after
You can't be swayed
By the simple minds
That wanna hold you down
And in His time
The pain you carry
Will be left far behind

Don't let no one stand in your light
Change the way you feel inside
Nobody on this earth
Can tell you what your worth
Stand up, your the child of The King
And you can do anything


Don't let no one stand in your light
Change the way you feel inside
Nobody on this earth
Can tell you what your worth
Stand up, your the child of The King
And you can do anything

Don't let no one stand in your light
Change the way you feel inside
Nobody on this earth
Can tell you what your worth
Stand up, your a child of The King
And I can do anything
Oh yes I can
Yes I can
Nobody on this earth can tell you what you're worth
You're a child of The King
Never stop believing in yourself
The way you feel inside
Nobody on this earth
Stand up, stand up
And you can do anything
(Hallelujah)
Ay, Big!
They say they want something real
Thats what I’mma give em
And if I keep it real how could they not feel it
Hey yeah
Can you say GOOD music?
Can you say GOOD music?
Let me tell you about a bad ass chick
Everybody wanna grab her
Tryna climb on that looking for a ladder
Niggas wanna stab her, dag her, dag it
Everybody want it
Ain't too many had it
Beauty and brains, went to all the classes
Graduated too even went and got a masters
Bad ass chick probably could have been an actress
So what she do?
She want to be an actress
Moved to Manhatton, shit got real
Took acting classes with Denzel
Leading lady like Hillary grabbing big Bills
Commercial money baby, ten thousand and a mill
Yeah, plus she had a baby boy
And the nigga she was with she couldn’t love more
Still want more, shit, she on a roll
Move to Hollywood, she could probably get a role
And she did, but realised the nigga wasn’t shit
Addicted to the broads and on top of this she pregnant
With another boy
Honestly thought abort but still had the boy
Lets name him Sean
Honestly probably after Connery
One of her favourite actors but acting ain't promising
Ay yo I know there was certain things that was meant for you
And thats why I’m giving you
(Whatever you want)
This whatever you want
(Before)
Just tell me
(Whatever you want)
You deserve whatever you want
(Before)
I won’t stop till you get whatever you want
(All the lights)
All the lights
(The love, dreams you blew away
For your baby boy
Hold on, I'm on my way
(whatever you want)

Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh (That's nice, sing it again)
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh (Tenors, sing it)
That's how He works, that's how, the Good Lord, He works (Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh)
That's how He works, that's how, the Good Lord, He works (Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh)
Everybody put your hand on it, bounce
That's how the Good Lord works
That's how the Good Lord works
That's how the Good Lord works
That's how He works
That's how the Good Lord works
That's how the Good Lord works
That's how the Good Lord works
That's how He works
We must not question the Good Lord
Have faith in God and trust his word
We don't know how, we don't know when
To see this day, so we should stand
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh (Come on, that's nice, y'all doin' good, come on, hey)
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh (Are you rocking with us? I see ya, come on tenors, lemme hear ya)
That's how He works, that's how, the Good Lord, He works (Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, come on)
That's how He works, that's how, the Good Lord, He works (Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, oh yeah)
Put your hand on it, bounce
That's how the Good Lord works
That's how the Good Lord works
That's how the Good Lord works
That's how He works
That's how the Good Lord works
That's how the Good Lord works
That's how the Good Lord works
That's how He works
We must not question the Good Lord
Have faith in God and trust his word
We don't know how, we don't know when
To see His day, so we should stand
Stand on the work (Do the work of God)
Stand on the work (Do the work of God)
Stand on the work (Do the work of God)
Stand, stand on the work (Do the work of God)
Stand on the work (Do the work of God)
Stand on the work (Do the work of God)
Stand
There is nothing too hard for God
Nothing too hard for God
Power belongs to God
There is nothing too hard for God
Nothing too hard for God
Power belongs to God
There is nothing too hard for God
Nothing too hard for God
Power belongs to God
There is nothing too hard for God
Nothing too hard
Nothing too hard for God
Power belongs to God
There is nothing too hard for God
Nothing too hard for God
Power belongs to God (Come on)
There is nothing too hard for God
Nothing too hard
Nothing too hard for God
Power belongs to God
There is nothing too hard for God
Nothing too hard for God
Power belongs to God
There is nothing too hard for God
Nothing too hard
Nothing too hard for God
Power belongs to God
There is nothing too hard for God
Nothing too hard for God
Power belongs to God
There is nothing to hard for God
In the night I hear 'em talk
The coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul
To a woman so heartless
How could you be so heartless?
Oh, how could you be so heartless?

In the night I hear 'em talk
The coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul
To a woman so heartless
How could you be so heartless?
Oh, how could you be so heartless?
How could you be so Dr. Evil?
You bringing out a side of me that I don't know
I decided we weren't gonna speak, so
Why we up 3 AM on the phone?
Why do she be so mad at me for?
Homie, I don't know, she's hot and cold
I won't stop, won't mess my groove up
Cause I already know how this thing go
You run and tell your friends that you're leaving me
They say that they don't see what you see in me
You wait a couple of months, then you gonna see
You'll never find nobody better than me
In the night I hear 'em talk
The coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul
To a woman so heartless
How could you be so heartless?
Oh, how could you be so heartless?
Talk, and talk, and talk, and talk
Baby let's just knock it off
They don't know what we been through
They don't know bout me and you
So I got something new to see
And you just gonna keep hating me
And we just gonna be enemies
I know you can't believe
I could just leave it wrong
And you can't make it right
I'm gonna take off tonight into the night
In the night I hear 'em talk
The coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul
To a woman so heartless
How could you be so heartless?
Oh, how could you be so heartless?

This beat make me wanna see a big booty bitch
Have sex, throw it on her like it dootie shit
Hide up on somethin' stunnah for a week out this shit
But I come suck a titty, just a freak out the shit
Let me see you turn around, let me see you decorate
Let me see you stack it down, got somethin', back it down
On some, on a star, let me see you take it all
Life is so, runnin' far like a funny man and all
You a star, you a fly, you a boss, you a boss
Let it down, put it down, no trippin’ like LeBron
Don't treat me like a John, nah-nah, don't treat me like no John
No, don't treat me like no John
Don't you treat me like the Don, y'all dealin' with Yan
Yeah, yeah (Dhi-Dhi-Dhi), y'all remember Yan?
That's the slumber sleepy gang, bi-Bitch don't make me yawn
Dealin' with a pawn, dealin' with a pawn, everything's calm
Yawn, don't treat me like no John
Where the fuck you been? (Bi-bi-bitch) How the fuck you been?
I just fucked your friend, I got fucked with wind
Somethin's on the bend, goin' for the win
Yeah, I'm goin' in, know a new move
Somethin's comin' too soon, no, got nothin' to prove
I'm not comin' too soon, I just got it to move
Pass on the two vroom, somethin's comin' too rude
Ay, ay, ay, ay, okay, hit your stomach
Take one leg on the stomach, bite the stomach
Stretch one leg down, put the other one, touch your knees
'Till your titty gotta stomp, keep on stuntin' if you with me
I'm a going real deep, real-real deep
With a bomb, get some real sleep, get some real sleep, uh
Or sleep real deep, hit her real deep
Should have thought, bitch, you been asleep for about a week
Wake your ass, take about another hour of dick
I know foul stuff, don't believe me, karma coming quick
Know they stuntin' now, and we got 'em sellin' out the flick
And she only think steady, tell that bitch to come equipped
Know what's good, and I just told you to come with us, uh
You brought some friends, ooh yeah you came equipped, uh
Gonna stomp on 'em, 'Ye you came equipped, huh?
She say she ready go, why she always trippin'?


Aiyyo my name is Kanyeezy from the Roc-A fam
Where the Glocks don't jam, so when we pop, them scrams
See I showed you on "The Champions" how we get down
So don't twist your lips up like Bobby Brown
You got B2K all on your bedroom wall
But if you be with Kan', I'm gonna work your walls
Straight from the South Side of them Chi-Town streets
The top three in the game, with these here beats



Original rude boy like Pastor Troy
The G-500 is my favorite toy
They say, "He don't look like a thug or a hood"
"But he keep them gorillas, so he still be good"
By the way my name is K, don't forget the A
And the N-Y-E, out in N.Y.C
I'mma still rep the gold, no matter where I go
Everybody say I'm hot, I'm saying I'm cold
Hate when niggas leave the city and switch up they raps
On the real homie, I don't get down like that
I'mma milk the game, 'til we all can eat

Now your momma told you let the cleavage show
'Cause that's the best way to get a nigga with dough
They'll fake a pregnancy, and then call the attorney up
But she ain't know I'm cheaper than IKEA furniture


And you know one thing that's great about that problem
That it's not my problem
That's on you bitch
That's on you
That's on you bitch
That's on you
You know one thing that's great about that problem
The fact that that's not my problem
That's on you bitch
That's on you
That's on you bitch
That's on you
You know one thing that's great about that problem
Is that the fact that it's not my problem
That's on you bitch
That's on you
That's on you bitch
Who knew
I'm a owner and a consumer
Thumper larger than uma nigga
Fucks with all the rumors
I need 40 acres and it's 2 less
Oh I need 40 acres and a girl that got a mule ass
I fucked three white girls this evening
Toughen up when I'm overdone
Fucked three white girls this evening
Martin Luther King be proud of it cause I overcome
Got that one out
Got that one off
Bumping off to tell a nigga something
Want to know one thing about that problem
The fact its not my problem
That's on you bitch
That's on you
That's on you bitch
That's on you
Now 4 dose I'm overdosing
I own the remote in the old sofa
Thump-a-dump-a-dee-dump
Bumping a nigga then I need to know
Gotta di-di-di-di-do eat it though
Niggas be all on when they need ya
Numma numma all on when they need ya
Then they forget to repay you
I call that shit nigga-nesia
This right here this is a speed bump
We goin up when the knee jump
I'mma go pump for a knee jerk
Motherfuckers working like they need work
The only good thing about that problem
It really ain't my problem
That's on you bitch
That's on you
That's on you bitch
That's on you
Where y'all niggas at?
Where y'all niggas at?
Where y'all niggas at?
What's up nigga
Where y'all niggas at?
Where y'all niggas at?





I love you, Jesus
I worship and adore you
Just want to tell you
Lord, I love you more than anything
Come on, if you love Him
Come on, sing that together
I love you, Jesus (Worship)
I worship and adore you
Just want to tell you
Lord, I love you more than anything
Ooh-ooh-ooh, say it again, I love
I love you, Jesus (I do, I do, I do, Father, yes)
I worship and adore you (Just want to tell you)
Just want to tell you (Come on, tell Him, tell Him)
Lord, I love you more than anything
Come on, come on, I think we can lift it up, I think we can take it a little higher
Come on, everybody, I love...
I love you, Jesus (Yes, yes, worship and adore)
I worship and adore you (What do you wanna say?)
Just want to tell you (Lord, I love you)
Lord, I love you more than anything
Ooh, say it again, I love
I love you, Jesus (Lord, I worship and adore you)
I worship and adore you (Just want to tell you)
Just want to tell you (Lord, I love you)
Lord, I love you more than anything (I love you, Jesus)
I love you, Jesus (God, we worship and adore you)
I worship and adore you (Just want to tell you)
Just want to tell you (Hey, we love you)
Lord, I love you more than anything (We love you, Lord, more than anything, God, we love)
I love you, Jesus (Yeah, we worship and adore you)
I worship and adore you (I have to tell the times I didn't praise Your name, oh)
Just want to tell you (God, I love You)
Lord, I love you more than anything (I love you, Lord, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
I love you, Jesus (Oh God, we worship at your throne)
I worship and adore you (God, I wanna tell you how much I love you)
Just want to tell you (Oh Lord, I adore you)
Lord, I love you more than anything
More, more than anything, oh God, we love you, Jesus, yeah
Yeah, we worship and adore you, yeah
I wanna tell you, God, I love you, I love
More than anything
Oh, God, we love you
I love you, Jesus (We worship and adore you)
I worship and adore you (Thank you for loving me, yeah)
Just want to tell you (I love you)
Lord, I love you more than anything (Woah, more than anything, oh, I love you)
Lord, I love you more than anything (Because you first loved me, you died at Calvary)
Lord, I love you more than anything (Yeah, I love you, I love you, yeah, more, I love you)
Lord, I love you more than anything
You gave your life for me, so I serve you for the rest of my days, yeah, ohh-ohh
Thank you for loving me, yeah, I love you
I love you, I love you, yes, I do
Lord, I love you more than anything
More than money, more than material things
I love you
Lord, I love you more than anything
Oh I love you more than anything
There's nobody like you nowhere
Searched a new but it came up empty, yeah, yeah
I love you, I love you more than anything
Ooh
K-K-K-K-K-K-Mac



You know what, yo? You a bitch
You should have a travel agent, ‘cause you a trip
You should make your own toilet tissue since you the shit
But all you got is some fuckin' issues, you fuckin' bitch
I hate niggas, but I love your mom
Give her a kiss for me, her second son
Get your mind right, baby, or get your shit together
You gonna be hot a little while, I'ma be rich forever
Girl seducers, they come in deuces
But when I cut 'em off they always become a nuisance
Niggas take my old flows and they take my old swag
He just took my old bitch and turned it to his new bitch (Haha)
I'm stupid, but I won't get my drama on
What I'm dealin' with is too real for me to comment on
Jay finally got it through my head not to run my mouth
So when you talk 'bout “you know who”
I don't know who you talkin' 'bout



That's that Cudi beat, you know what I'm sayin'?
Y'all, I'm just waiting for God
I'ma wait for God
I'ma wait for God
Been too long away from God
I'll wait for God
Like water be the path, go take the path of least resistance
Don't force nothin', it's the way
Power versus force
I'ma wait for God
Been too long away from God
I'll wait for God, we'll wait
Yo, know I'm sayin'?
People try to rush things
Or manipulate, or strategize, or think they're gon' set up plays
Man makes plans, God laughs
He got good ass sense of humor, know what I'm sayin'?
I was just livin' my life
Spent all of my tour money on this, big mansion 'n' shit
Biggest house in Hidden Hills
He funny though
He gon' move the number one rapper four blocks down the street from me
You funny, God
Heheheh
Mm, I'ma wait for God
Been too long away from God
Been too long away from God
Ooh, I will wait for God
Wait, wait, wait wait wait
Only with his blessings, only
In his time and God willing
Shall it happen
Ya know, people go through pain 'n' shit
You need some time to just walk it off, it's like a sprained ankle
You can't get right to it, know what I'm sayin'?
It's like a basketball game, pain
The way we feel about things, mm, mm, mm
If someone say
We-we say, we hoopin' and stuff, you sprain your ankle
The whole team, can't come to it and say, "I'm sorry," and it's just gonna feel better
Or you can't scream at it and it's just gon' feel better
You've gotta take time for that to heal
And maybe you need to stay of off it a little bit
Stay off the subject
Heh huh
I'ma wait for God
Eh-na, when it happen
Oh, I'ma wait for God
It's so funny
I was goin' to Denny's the other day
Lenny's, Denny's
And, I was, ya know, in Westwood
And I seen
A-A tall, light-skinned dude with a beard and shit
I said, "That look like Drake, right there"
But he was like on a skateboard
I said, "I know that ain't gon' be Drake on a skateboard"
Heheheheh, heh
I was like, "Man, I'ma go talk to him, right now!"
So I-I pulled to turn the car around
It's- I swear he looked just like-
He definitely brought beards for light-skinned niggas back in style and shit, like, hehehe
I said on my first album, I'ma make sure light-skinned niggas never come back in style, heheheh
Oh, I'ma wait for God
Oh, I'ma wait for God
Oh, I'ma wait for God
Spent too long a summer away from God, though I
I might blast off, off into the light, oh
I could not create for what, the Stylo
Bored a lot
And I put that on Chicago
Yeah, I put that on Chicago
I put that on Chicago
North, Saint, and Chicago



Ever-ever, Mr. West is in the building
Ain't no question who about to kill 'em
I used to have hood dreams, big fame, big chains
I stuck my dick inside this life until that bitch came
And went hard, all fall like the ball teams
Just so I can make it rain all spring
Y'all seen my story, my glory
I had raped the game young, you can call it statutory
When a nigga blow up they gonna build statues for me
Old money, Benjamin Button (what?) nothin' man
Now super bad chicks givin' me McLovin'
You would think I ran the world like Michelle's husband
You would think these niggas know me when they really doesn't
Like they was down with the old me, no you fuckin' wasn't
Um, you're such a fuckin' loser
He ain't even go to class, Bueller
Trade the Grammy plaques, just to have my granny back
Remember she had that bad hip like a fanny pack
Chasing the stardom will turn you to a maniac
All the way in Hollywood and I can't even act
They pull the cameras out, and goddamn, he snap
I used to want this thing forever, y'all can have it back







They be sellin' something when it's not shame
West stole West, simply got shame
Givin' up, I'm givin' up my slave name
Oh, no, no, I'm givin' up my slave name
Saint, you don't really need a last name
North, you don't really need a last name
Bump on the song for the dark chains
I'm givin' up the slave name
It's a choice for me
Y'all can't cut out the voice in me
Y'all can't do nothing, get mad at me
Y'all came for my anatomy
Y'all can't cut out the Harriet
I don't care how you carry it
Stomp, stomp, that'd be very lit
God stomp, wanna be alien
Saint, you don't really need a last name
North, you don't really need a last name
And Chicago, yo, they lost, but we not bought
Oh, then he tells 'em

It's like they take our slave women
And bend them quicker than when we hit it
Where you think lightskin came from? (Huh?)
I heard the Chinese buyin' Africa quicker than we would get it
And if you tell somebody you goin' to Africa
Somebody would laugh at ya
Like the top off it, and spend it at the Gucci store
Hold on more, woah, woah
Don't tell me 'bout them woke facts (Woke fact)
Them just sound like broke facts (Broke facts)
I don't know who the fuck told you that (Told you that)
I don't know who the fuck sold you back (Told you that)
Buy your freedom 'fore they sell you back (Sell you back)
Why we need 'em? They just sold you crack (Sold you crack)
So let's done 'em, where the soldiers at? (Soldiers at)
Most of them ain't running, most of them want that bump (Ooh)
Face the gun in the sun, we been brainwashed (Ooh)
Fuck that, we in our own holocaust (Ooh)
It ain't never ended, it all depends (Ooh)
The Jews, least they said, never again

Saint, you don't really need a last name
North, you don't really need a last name
And Chicago, yo, and Chicago

They say your attitude determines your latitude
I'm high as a motherfucker - fly as a motherfucker
And still the motherfucker you love to hate
But can't, because you love what I make
Now ain't that about a bitch
And I'ma talk shit until I'm out of hits
They don't want to turn they speakers up they claim I ain't deep enough
All that talkin' I feed off of, keep it up
I'm relaxin' my feet is up, I'm leavin' you haters
Like when Shaq left the Lakers just to Heat it up
I state the stats to stunt, I don't need to front
Make black history e'ry day, I don't need a month
The survey says, by the streets according
Kanye's just important as Michael Jordan
Was to the NBA when he was scorin'
Ralph Lauren was borin' before I wore him and..
You ain't neva gotta ask again
How we got the world to listen
It ain't easy to pretend
I know you lost your cool
And it starting to come back again
Wake and stop it's just the beginning
You ain't never gotta ask again
Baby this is what we do

You ain't neva gotta ask again
How we got the world to listen
It ain't easy to pretend
I know you lost your cool
And it starting to come back again
Wake and stop it's just the beginning
You ain't never gotta ask again
Baby this is what we do

You ain't neva gotta ask again
How we got the world to listen
It ain't easy to pretend
I know you lost your cool
And it starting to come back again
Wake and stop it's just the beginning
You ain't never gotta ask again
Baby this is what we do

We are not the same, I am too reckless
I'm not tryna go in that direction
These niggas, they been doin' too much flexin'
And they about to call the wrong attention
And I don't got no patience, no more testin'
I do shit how I want, don't need no blessin'
XO niggas ain't nothin' to mess with
Nobody stoppin' us, oh no, we destined
And everybody 'round you is so basic
I'm never rockin' white, I'm like a racist
I don't drink my liquor with a chase in
That money is the only thing I'm chasin'
And some dope dimes on some coke lines
Gimme head all night, cum four times
Baby girl just wanna smoke a pound
Do some, do some
Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell 'em what you know, what you seen
How I roll, how I be on the low
Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell your friends about it

Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell 'em what you know, what you seen
How I roll, how I be on the low
Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell your friends about it
I'm that nigga with the hair
Singin' 'bout poppin' pills, fuckin' bitches, livin' life so trill
(Foxy) Gyeah
(Shyne) Gyeah, walk with me
(Foxy)
Gyeah, It's like New York's been soft
Ever since my nigga Shyne been sittin' in prison
Yeah
Check it, sick things, sick rings, this shit is sickening
Sick chains sick aim, 5th bang 5th frame
Bail money lawyers actin' funny when I come through
Hit 'em with a bundle on the humble
Couple notes, seen Boy George with a Rolls
Shit, I want one too
What the fuck I'm gon' do
But get it if it's there to be gotten 'til I'm dried and rotten
And I'm rockin' sideways muthafucka crime pays
I need it, I'll get it, I got it, I'll chop it, I'll double the profit
And bubble the pockets, I'm living to die
Niggas talk fly 'til I walk by and pop somethin'
Muthafuckas forgot somethin', I'm not frontin'
This ain't rap, music this ain't that
You fuck around I'll have you sleepin' where the saints at
Sincerely yours Shyne muthafuckin' Po
Bitch get yo' bags hit the muthafuckin' do'
May the angels walk with me, more or less
Big things, big rims nigga, more or less
Fuckin' big stars in big cars, more or less
I can say I seen it all and done it all, more or less
A G is a G, a ki is a ki, a snitch is a fish (as in kilo)
With no fins that can't swim when I dump him in the river
Charcoal gray R, 12 cylinders bulletproof sentences
Trial day tentative
I sound like who? ya'll sound like trash
Get off my dick and pass my cash
They don't do it cause I rap about it
I rap about it cause they do it
My music's the conduit to a ticket, I live it
Bitch nigga, I cook it and pitch it
Wipe the prints up off the shit and ditch it, uh
Hip-Hop ain't responsible for violence in America
America's responsible for violence America
Back to the flow nose full of blow
Rolls full of hoes, leave a nigga clothes full of holes
The schools didn't want me so the drug dealers taught me
Simple math, step on it twice and bring it back
Get 4 times what you paid, divide the labor costs
And still come away with enough to play
And I see the same shit in niggas younger than me
Runnin' the streets lookin for somethin' to eat
Ole boy betta get down better run for cover
When I spit rounds ah you in some shit now
Get found slit down to the white meat
I'm from Brooklyn, Vietnam nigga, I like beef
But being a bird in the street, double plight
Livin' a troubled life, father was a jerk
Moms had to work, papi had the works
So I did what any real nigga would do
Got in front the stove, now I got this shit sold
Fuck you punk niggas wit' yo' punk cash
Let the pump blast, put yo punk ass in the trunk fast
The fuck y'all thought
I bury niggas in walls, I'mma trill muthafucka after all
Point blank shootin niggas point blank all the way to the bank
Rip yo face off then I take off
The difference between me and them, you won't be seein' them
No more, nigga, secrets of war






Uh, yeah, yeah
Now once she go black, she ain't never coming back
I'm sorry Mr. H, I thought you already knew that
You will see her on a black street like Chauncey
I'm a bad boy like Sean C
Rock a fella like Shawn C
Keep them Apes with me like Don C
Like Jay, keep Beyoncé
I'm just talking nonsense
So nonchalantly
See my Mark like Ronsy
Pop my collars like Fonzy
Paparazzi is on me
I see your girl want me, I'm filling up her glass
Feeling on her ass, feeling so upper class
And your boy so fresh, I might even flash cash
So at the end of the night, you ain't even gotta ask


React how you want. Any energy you got is good energy. You know, the Confederate flag represented slavery. That’s my abstract take on what I know about it.
So I made the song “New Slaves.” So I took the Confederate flag and made it my flag. It’s my flag now, now whatchu gonna do?
It looks cool. I like at maybe 800 images a day. You know, I’ve been working on clothing seriously for the past 11 years.
It’s colorless also. It’s super, like, hood and super white-boy-approved at the same time. And that’s really what my style’s always been, because I lived in the suburbs, where, you know, I was known as the Black kid, and I lived in the hood where I was known as the kid who spent his summers in the suburbs.
My dad was a military brat, and he would be around white people back then when it was like, racism was really popular and people would be racist against him, and he’d get around Black people and they’d kinda discriminate against him because they’d say he acted ‘white’ or talked ‘white.’ So there are times when I’ll talk and you’ll hear some of that white--or what people call ‘white’--the suburb voice come through and it’s times you’ll hear some of that Chicago come through. I’m influenced by all those things.
I lived in China when I was in fifth grade with my mother, she’s an English professor, and she taught high-level English. And it was my hint at being a celebrity because they hadn’t seen Black people on TV, so people would stare at me all the time.
There will never be another Backstreet Boys, Not in this day and age. It’s gonna be artists like Lorde, singer songwriters, that are gonna come up. This is Instagram, this is the information highway. And I talk to these heads, you know, these older dudes that run companies, and it’s hilarious to me! I only listen to people who are younger than me! These are the only people with ideas. You cannot give me any advice! You can help me. You can support Donda. You can cut a check. But I have the ideas! No one older than me has a better idea than me because I’m the only 36 year old me! I’m the most relevant voice on the planet Earth, at age 36, post being the most hated. So don’t try to tell me anything! Help me! Help me, help other people.
We are uncomfortable. 500 kids are dying in Chicago a year. We are uncomfortable. Just because we’re being a gated community doesn’t mean that things are comfortable.
The thing is, we have the resources on this planet to have a human utopia, to have respect for each other, mankind. We have that. But we’re too concerned about getting the next Hollywood film on Netflix. We have the resources. There’s new billionaires everyday. You apply the right type of thinkers, like the Elon Musks, the people with the real ideas.
Like, politics is dead. It’s over with. These kids need some type of real truth.
Last night me and my dogs were hanging out
Tired of being cramped up in the house
We were simply celebrating life
Off from work today so it's alright
But all those ups and downs had me in a twist
Started dancing with this model chick
And then every record became my favorite song
And that is all that I remember
Cause I had one too many drinks
And ended up at the Embassy
With this pretty little thing from Memphis, Tennessee
It was a one night extravaganza
When I woke up from last night's avoutrie
Baby girl was laying next to me
Shoes and clothes were scattered everywhere
I got dressed and got up out of there
But not before I called for me a cab
Hung over from all the drinks I had
And now I'm telling my story to you
Everything that I remember
Extravanganza
Extravavganza
Only was an extravaganza
Yes it was the things that I remember
And I remember
Bein' at the bar tryin' ask what that hypno hit fo' (Hit fo')
Knowin' I can't afford to get mo' (Get mo')
Here's a broke nigga tricked buy one bottle and sip slow (sip slow)
Or, or leave the club now
Do like I did, come back when u get dough
A fishstick nigga now we messing with lobsters
We messin' with Grammies, we messin' with Oscars
You messin' with that dranky drank
Plus you puffin' on that stanky stank
In the morning you gon' draw a blank
The hotel said y'all was on 'em
My girl wasn't on shit, I picked the wrong one
Steady talkin' bout I ain't like them other girls
Well tonight I'm tryin' to find them other girls
Bring they own rubber girl
Never meet ya mother girl
You know they love it when you love 'em
And they tell they friends girl
Yo
They try to say Kanye West
Was out here wildin' like, uh, Delonte West
But these new verses sounding like André’s best
But he couldn't ever quite seem to get quite André fresh
Three stacks, stacks on my known thumb when you be back
I don't need something, need the feedback
Let’s follow up, let's follow up
Got something, call some', call 'em up
Got something, something, call 'em up
And I call something, ball 'em up
And they in the auto mall, whole summer long
And you stay like a Audemar
Sun Tzu, it's the art of war
Head's down, it’s a war, what they calling for then, huh?
No stones, what you balling for then, huh?
Stone, stone what you running for then, huh?
This here what they really want, then, huh?
Someone wanna way I get it, uh, uh, nah, nah
Nah, nigga, nah, fuck that, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah
Nah, nigga, nigga, what’s that?
Ohh, is that what it looked at?
Like your made them when you on your way to work
And the boss said, "Uh, we makin' cut backs"
Nigga, bust that, nah, hit club like where the sluts at?
Uhh, hit the club holdin’ my nutsack, ugh
Yeah, kinda want it, hit it, but I couldn't nut that
Pray hard, stay hard, way hard
Eight times in a row, pace times in a boat
Pay fine in the low, pay fives to the dough
Lost, lawsuit city, baby, egh
All coupe me, baby, I'm Frank Nitti, baby
Man, Wayne with me, baby, uh
Said he ain’t with me, baby, uh
Nah, nah, nigga, ain't tryna play that
And I ain't never, no, never, never change that
Came back stuntin', pullin' dirt like a fiend at
That's why, that's right, that's right, ayy
That's right, that's right, that's right
That's right, nigga, that's right, uh, that's right
That ain't no, just like, uh, just like, that, that's right
Stop it, uh, stop it, I might cop it
Put it, did it, I might did it
Did it, shit it, I might hit it
Send it, done it, if you with it
Send it, puttin' centrefold, they ain't said nothin'
Ain't better my name, fuckin' on a bitch
They ain't have a bellybutton, put it in her bellybutton
You know where they at now, somebody, uh
You got this, just, you would reminisce
This bitch, this bitch, this bitch, this bitch
Supernova shit, four-leaf clover shit
I don't believe in luck, I'm blessed
Freestyle goin' too long, I don't feel like listenin' to it back
Freestyle goin' too long, I don't feel like listenin' to it back
Take this shit right to another track
Same place that your baby-mother at
Same whip that your baby-mother got
(Stop it)
They try to say Kanye West
Was out here wildin' like, uh, Delonte West
But these new verses sounding like Andre's best
But he couldn't ever quite seem to get quite Andre fresh
Three stacks, stacks on my known thumb when you be back
I don't need something, need the feedback
Let's follow up, let's follow up
Got something, call some', call 'em up
Got something, something, call 'em up
And I call something, ball 'em up
And they in the auto mall, whole summer long
And you stay like a Audemar
Head's down, it's the art of war
Head's down, it's a war, what they calling for then, huh?
She finally made it. The stars are out tonight. Ooooh weee!
Big screen
Hollywood lights
She wants the big screen
Hollywood lights
She wants it
At first came the breast and then the dookie chain
Got a little hoochie game and then the Gucci came
The Ultima and then the Mustang
Lookin' in the mirror, "Aye" she must say
Diane Keaton
A gangster she was seekin'
With two then the three can keep a secret
Bein' exposed to the goals of a baller
So she drove a Rolls with a Prada
Put up the ?, rocked Fendi
Rarely Ed Hardy she said the shit was trendy
Married to the mob like she was Miss Wendy
She would spend the bread of men instead of spendin'
Her own, her tone was eccentric
The Gulf coast was home for this mistress
Felt pain, but shoppin' killed this
Then a little bit of Wayne lent her something for this princess
Baby girl you're dangerous
Everybody know that you love those lights
Baby girl you're dangerous
So dangerous, but it's only right
I'm back in your life
Return Of The Jedi
L.A. for a night, then return on the red eye
It's a party in your closet
I swear it's going off
I see it's Dolce & Gabbana
Viktor & Rolf
Ann Roth
Uh, huh
Not to shabby
You're good around celebs, not too laughy
So you deserve a rapper and/or athlete
And/or something more than just a backseat
Action, I had more beats than I had rhymes
Now they say you got more girls than you got time
To spend with 'em
So I throw them all on the team
Only problem is, I see they all want a ring, ring
Let me tell you once ting
It's gonna take a lot to be down with the king, king
Down, down with the king
Now are you really ready for the big screen?
I don't wanna be what you want me to be
So when I call you're just yelling at me
I'm sorry it's my fault
It's over
Now what do you keep calling for
(What do you keep calling for, what do you keep calling for)
It's over, it's over
(What do you keep calling for, what do you keep calling for)
Now what do you keep calling for
(What do you keep calling for, what do you keep calling for)
It's over, it's over
(What do you keep calling for, what do you keep calling for)
In the back of my mind I question why I keep calling
I guess I'm just used to getting my way I'm spoiled
I don't wanna be what you want me to be (don't wanna be)
So when I call you're just yelling at me
I'm sorry it's my fault
Oh, the clothes I bought you could still wear (still wear)
Did you store the cards and teddy bears (ooh)
See there I go again sticking my nose
I'm sorry it's my fault (hey, hey, hey, hey)
Now what do you keep calling for
(What do you keep calling for, what do you keep calling for)
It's over, it's over
(What do you keep calling for, what do you keep calling for)
Now what do you keep calling for
(What do you keep calling for, what do you keep calling for)
It's over, it's over
(What do you keep calling for, what do you keep calling for)
Girl talking to myself in the mirror is strange enough (strange enough)
So you gotta know sharing this with you is painful, yeah (painful)
You know we used to talk about our future
It ain't just all my fault (I know, I know, I know we used to talk about it, babe)
So say goodbye to the way the leaves would fall (leaves would fall)
The way we stand in the rain and we would bawl (we would cry)
Just say goodbye
To the walks and talks and the dark in the park
And it ain't just all my fault (hey, hey, hey, hey)
Now what do you keep calling for
(What do you keep calling for, what do you keep calling for)
It's over, it's over
(What do you keep calling for, what do you keep calling for)
Now what do you keep calling for
(What do you keep calling for, what do you keep calling for)
It's over, it's over
(What do you keep calling for, what do you keep calling for)
We lost a four leaf clover
Don't ask why shorty be over
News flash shorty we over
We like Def Jam and Hova
We like Bobby and Whitney
Except without the kiddies
Like Pamela Anderson's career
Except without the titties
We had some good times didn't we
I know I won't forget that
But we had some bad times and
That's time I wish I could get back
We coulda had it all
But I guess we'll never know
You been around me long enough
To know that now it's over
Now what do you keep calling for
(What do you keep calling for, what do you keep calling for)
It's over, it's over
(What do you keep calling for, what do you keep calling for)
Now what do you keep calling for
(What do you keep calling for, what do you keep calling for)
It's over, it's over
(What do you keep calling for, what do you keep calling for)
Now what do you keep calling for
(What do you keep calling for, what do you keep calling for)
It's over, it's over
(What do you keep calling for, what do you keep calling for)
Now what do you keep calling for
(What do you keep calling for, what do you keep calling for)
It's over, it's over
(What do you keep calling for, what do you keep calling for)
Nothing we can do with it
So we might as well forget it
Like we never ever did it, oh hey
Nothing we can do with it
So we might as well forget it
Like we never ever did it, oh hey
Nothing we can do with it
So we might as well forget it
Like we never ever did it, oh hey
Aaah yeah!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
And you know my name, it's Northie
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
This is cool
Hit the woah
We're hot chips
(Yeah, woo!)
This is cool
Hit the woah
We're hot chips
(Yeah, yeah)
Ooh!
I would never
Do bad things
I would never
Do bad things
This is new
Look at my shoes
They're cute and cool
They're new
I'm cool
See my school
I'm new
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Walk to the streets, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Cool, cute
Cool, yeah!
What are those?
Lederhose
What are those?
Lee dirt bows
See myself
I'll wear two buttons
They are cool buttons
Like red buttons
They look diff-rent
And they are head-er
This is my style, yay!
What are those?
What are those?
This is my new team
This is my new team
Wow!
Wow!
Yay, yay, yay, yay, yay, yay
This is my style, yay!
Yay, I love you Penelope
This is so clean
Yes, I love you!
Why, why, why!
Ohh, this feel good, alright, Ye
Carter Trey, all day, let's play, haha
Okay
I know two girls that done did it before
But I wonder if they know that we did it before
If the other girl know that we did it before
Shit I wonder if she know well if she didn't hell know
That we did it before yeah we did it before
Shit I wonder if she know well if she didn't hell know
That we did it before yeah we did it before
Shit I wonder if they know that we did it before
Okay, put your hands up if you did it before
Now your girl lookin' at you cause she didn't hell know
And now everybody sayin' that you did it before
And you know that's because they probably did it before
Cause if they did it before it would be different though
I wonder if Tammy knows, that I did it before
With Nisa, I wonder if she didn't hell know
That we did it before I know they did it before
The day we did it but oh, if they did it before
And we did it before, we can get it fa' sho
Cause if she with it, I know she should be with it fa' sho
I'm a tear that pussy up, like I didn't before
And after I did it they be history though
When I see em I act like I didn't hell know
That we did it before like we didn't before
But we did it before, hehe
Okay
I know two girls that done did it before
But I wonder if they know that we did it before
If the other girl know that we did it before
Shit I wonder if she know well if she didn't hell know
That we did it before yeah we did it before
Shit I wonder if she know well if she didn't hell know
That we did it before yeah we did it before
Shit I wonder if they know that we did it before
Yeah, so if you did it before, be a pro
You gotta act like you didn't before
And everytime I meet a girl
They say that she didn't before
You know I gotta act like I never did it before
But she would be dumb if she didn't hell know
Cause I did it before and she will be dumb
If she think that I didn't, hell know
That she did it before, she probablly didn't go low
So we did it some more and we did it some more
Like Busta Rhymes said, she holla "give me some more"
So we did it some more, yeah, we did it til' four
And when four-o-one came, she was hittin the door
Not fixin' to go but she was hittin' the door
And I was probably butt naked just twistin' an O
Then I call my homies up, kick the shit how it go
And I know they gon' laugh cause they did it before
Okay
I know two girls that done did it before
But I wonder if they know that we did it before
If the other girl know that we did it before
Shit I wonder if she know well if she didn't hell know
That we did it before yeah we did it before
Shit I wonder if she know well if she didn't hell know
That we did it before yeah we did it before
Shit I wonder if they know that we did it before
Okay, a lot of folks don't like to say they did it before
Wishin' that everybody didn't hell know
That they did it before, like if they did it'd be low
Or if they did it with more, than one, or did it for dough
Well if you didn't, then so, be cool with it and flow
And just rock with everybody, that done did it before
I know I did it before, you know you did it before
How come you ain't with it now, but you was with it before
Oh, that's your best friend, yeah, ya'll kick it I know
Ya'll probablly did it before, she probably licked it before
Like it was liquid before, yeah, I can vision you both
Like I done did it before cause I done did it before
Okay
I know two girls that done did it before
But I wonder if they know that we did it before
If the other girl know that we did it before
Shit I wonder if she know well if she didn't hell know
That we did it before yeah we did it before
Shit I wonder if she know well if she didn't hell know
That we did it before yeah we did it before
Shit I wonder if they know that we did it before
Won't until it take me
The devil weak, the devil weak
Bought her a ceiling
I've been back from addiction
I done beat they prediction...
Like that TMZ video from last year, where you're walking with your pregnant fiancée with your head down to avoid the paparazzi, to the point where you walked into a sign and hit your head. Then TMZ made fun of you for walking into the sign. How do you live like that?
It's difficult. And then put on top of that the idea of going and taking meetings with people, and people say, "We don't want to work with you, because we saw you get mad about running into the sign."
Does that kind of mockery feel like an effort to de-fang you?
But also, there's no fangs. I don't have fangs. I'm a porcupine. I'm a blowfish. Like, I'm a—what's the fish that blows up?
A blowfish?
Yeah. I'm a blowfish. I'm not a shark, I'm a blowfish. So that perfect example about me hitting my head, it's like a blowfish. I wasn't coming out of my house going to a paparazzi's house to attack them. I'm defending my family in front of my own house. I'm defending my name as someone's screaming something negative at me. That's a blowfish. People have me pinned as a shark or a predator in some way, and in no way am I that. I wouldn't want to hurt anyone. I want to defend people. I want to help people
Can I read you something? The New York Post's Page Six has an account of your wedding that reads, in part: "Kanye returned one hour before the wedding and didn't like the all-white bar that was in front of the Gold Toilet Tower. He took a saw and started sawing it in half himself. Two men held the bar stable as he sawed, and sawed, into the bar, defacing the entire front, screaming at everyone around him. He said it looked like a bar from Texas. Then he ordered two pieces of raw wood to be nailed onto the front of the bar. Once the wood was in place, 'Now,' he said, 'it's art.' The Italian construction teams looked at this guy and couldn't believe what they were seeing."
For the person that wrote that, were they involved with anything last year that was as culturally significant as the Yeezus tour or that album? They didn't even talk there about the photographs, or the dress, or Andrea Bocelli singing, or the marble tables. They're like: "It's a gold toilet." No. The bathrooms—that usually would be a porta-potty—were wrapped in a fabric that was neutral to match the fort. The bar was terrible, and the wedding planner didn't approve it with me. I was having issues with this wedding planner the entire time on approvals, and I get there and they threw some weird plastic bar there. So the same materials that were used to cover the bathroom, we said, "Let's just use that, because this is all we have to make the bar look better." Which it did, in the end. And anyone knows that you cannot pick up tools yourself, because of—what are those rules about the workers?
Unions?
Yeah, unions. You can't do that. It's illegal. That's false
Then they say you gave a forty-five-minute toast to yourself
And what I talked about in it was the idea of celebrity, and celebrities being treated like blacks were in the '60s, having no rights, and the fact that people can slander your name. I said that in the toast. And I had to say this in a position where I, from the art world, am marrying Kim. And how we're going to fight to raise the respect level for celebrities so that my daughter can live a more normal life. She didn't choose to be a celebrity. But she is. So I'm going to fight to make sure she has a better life
How does it feel when you read something like that account of your wedding or you see a photo of you looking glum at a zipline go viral?
My feelings don't matter anymore
Of course they do
No. One of the things that I said at the speech was, anyone that's at this table has had to defend me or Kim or both of us at some point in their life. Ask a boxer: "In the third round, when he hit you from the side on your ear, how did that specifically feel?" You wouldn't ask a boxer that. Because you know they're there to fight. Meaning now you know I'm here to fight. I'm here to fight for the re-education of what celebrity is. To say, "Yes, we are celebrities, but yes, we're also innovators, we're also inventors, we're also thoughtful."
But that's sad to me. You should be able to be a human with feelings, too
That's fine. But that's not the case, is it?
Is that the way you feel, that you're always in the ring?
Yeah. I'm sitting right here, it's a fight. I'm fighting with the way I line my words up together and the way I place a sweater on top of a T-shirt. At this point, people know what's up. People know I'm smart. And people know that, whether it's SNL or Jimmy Kimmel, it's a trend to take the piss out of celebrity—just as much of a trend as wearing a gray hoodie or driving a Prius
But you voluntarily married into a celebrity family, right? In 2014, there are no bigger tabloid stars than Kim Kardashian
But if you read a lot of the tabloid coverage, the implication is: Kim and her family are bringing you down. Jay Z and Beyoncé didn't show up at your wedding because of them. That kind of thing
All that, I wouldn't even speak on. It doesn't even matter to me whatsoever, who would show up. Because the most important person to show up there, to me, was Kim. And that's all that matters to me. I had to fight for that for seven years. But the fact that these other people showed up that are from such different worlds but have done such dynamic things—they're all, in a way, equal to what Kim has done in TV or what I had done in music. I was so moved that I just wanted people to stop and think they weren't sitting at a table full of fashion people, they weren't sitting at a table full of celebrities, they weren't sitting at a table full of movie directors. It really was a representation of the way we receive information today, post-Internet. And so Page Six can't overshadow the main point: Carine Roitfeld was sitting next to Kim Kardashian. That alone to me is like the same moment when I brought Mos Def to the studio with Jay Z. It's about the people, and the fact that they're from different walks of life, and that they're working together and not discriminating against each other. There was a class system, and now there's a creative class system, and I think that's what you were talking about a bit—the class system of creativity
And my point was, they leave Kim out of it
And my point is, they were all at her wedding
A skeptic would say that's because of you
But when an Instagram photo gets 2.3 million likes—
Your wedding photo, which is currently the most liked photo on Instagram ever.
That's because of who?
I don't know
Don't say you don't know! It's because of Kim. Meaning there's no photo that I would have put up by myself, or next to one of my smarty friends, that would have got that amount of likes. So now you take this photo that has that amount of likes, and it has a flower wall from the same guy who does the Lanvin shows, and it has a couture Givenchy dress and Givenchy tuxedo in it. That's the point. Now the thing that is the most popular is also communicating the highest level of creativity. The concept of Kimye has more cultural significance than what Page Six could write
Why'd you decide to get married?
Saying "Hey, I like Kim" isn't as inspiring to people as us getting married. And anyone that's in a relationship knows that in order to get to the point to get married and then to be married and to then carry on, it needs that work put into it. Right now, people look at it and it's like, "Wow, that's inspiring." Meaning that love is infectious. You know, God is infectious—God flowing through us and us being little-baby creators and shit. But His energy and His love and what He wants us to have as people and the way He wants us to love each other, that is infectious. Like they said in Step Brothers: Never lose your dinosaur. This is the ultimate example of a person never losing his dinosaur. Meaning that even as I grew in cultural awareness and respect and was put higher in the class system in some way for being this musician, I never lost my dinosaur
Kim is this girl who fucking turns me on. I love her. This is who I want to be next to and be around. And then people would try to say, "Well, you know, if you're a musician, you should be with a musician, and if you want to design, you need to be with a girl from the design world." I don't give a fuck about people's opinions. Because when a kid falls in love with an airplane or a bike or a dinosaur—especially if you're an only child and it's not because of the book that the sibling was reading—it's like, fuck, you mean to tell me that the dinosaurs walked the earth and stuff like that?! That's amazing! You mean to tell me that these giant multi-ton crafts can fly that fast and that loud, and they can flip, and there's danger, the possibility of them exploding? That's fucking cool! You mean to tell me that this girl with this fucking body and this face is also into style, and she's a nice person, and she has her own money and is family-oriented? That's just as cool as a fucking fighter jet or dinosaur! And just as rarely seen
That's a lovely way of putting it
I feel like you're stronger as a team. Because when you know you have a team player, it's not one on the world anymore. At least it's two on the world
Two and a half, if you want to count your daughter
Yeah, and then two and a half, eventually. It's like having some eyes in the back of your head. That's one reason why, when people try to spoof or talk shit, it's like: But you're mad because basically Kim is the type of girl that, her entire life, if you were in school with her, most people would be studying and up late nights, but for some reason she would have the skill set to go and grab the one book, turn to the exact page, and just magically say, "That's the exact answer." Or she could wink at the person who had done all the work and get it done anyway. And the point of life is getting shit done and being happy
Are you the father you hoped you'd be? There's that song on Watch the Throne, "New Day," where you and Jay Z talk about your unborn children, and you basically say: "I want my kid to be completely the polar opposite of me."
And the joke was that I was supposed to say on the song, "Come on, Jay, you know we're both gonna have daughters." And I'm so mad, because you know when I pop that creative-genius shit? If I had had that, that could've been my one moment where I'm like: "Okay, fuck all the conversation. Look at that. I called that one."
How do you feel about Yeezus now, a year later?
I think Yeezus is the beginning of a completely new era of music. It was all new rules. It just broke every rule possible. None of the ideas were popular ideas. Even "Bound 2," when the video came out, I think people's apprehension—I mean, it's the same as any other Kanye West video. You just have colorful bears running around. It was completely morphed and weird and psychedelic and really druggy. I would have just liked to have had more nudity in it. That's the only thing. I just want to do crazy, colorful shit like that that has more nudity
What about "New Slaves"? Do you think people would react differently to that song if it came out now?
It's funny, because when the Clippers situation happened, people started bringing up that song again. Sometimes you do things in the same way that a designer might throw out a new cut or a rapper might throw out a new concept, and people might not be into it at that time. If "New Slaves" had come out right after the Clippers incident, it would have seemed more timely. So the thirty meetings that I was having where I was going through a lot of these "Stay in your place" type conversations—"Stay in your box, this is what you do, you can't do anything else"—that led me to the point of creating "New Slaves" and "Blood on the Leaves" and the entire Yeezus album, and to make the album basically like a protest in music, where it only has like four melodies on it—you know, other people weren't in that place. Obviously certain things are more digestible for mass consumption. But it was interesting. That song that I do feel is the best rap verse of all
Time—
Which song?
"New Slaves." The second verse. I argue that it's the best rap verse of all time. It's the Coming to America or Anchorman of a verse. You know, it's got the funny shit. It's got the antagonization. It's got patterns. It's got social and political consciousness. It's got struggle. It's got bravado. It's everything that a rap verse is supposed to be
Were you mad when Rick Rubin came out and said that you did half the vocals on Yeezus in two hours before hopping on a plane?
Yeah! Because yeah, I rapped them. But I worked on them for like eight months! And the thing is, I had to finish the verses in order for the album to come out, and it's game time. I didn't freestyle those verses. That shit was worked and processed and Disneyfied and everything. By the way, those lines are super scary and serious, and everything that I'm saying on Yeezus is super politically direct, so I think that it's funny that you said that, because I think he needs to clarify that to people—that I didn't make it up in that time. I just said them in that time
When you said what you said last year about the fashion industry and your frustration with it, did your phone ring after that?
It did move the needle. Only positive came from it. Maybe I'm not as good friends as I could have been with the Saint Laurent designer. And now I don't get the red-and-black versions of the white-and-black pants that are in stores, or whatever I would have got as a musician. But other than that, that communication was real. Alexander Wang made sure that I was able to go to a Balenciaga show, and I was never allowed to do that before because I was a celebrity. Listen to what I'm saying—me, as Kanye West: I guarantee you, I'm more than 50 percent responsible for every men's shoe that they sell. Me, the singular person. More than 50 percent responsible for every Balenciaga shoe they sell. And they would say, "You can't come to the show, because you are a celebrity." But all honesty, no ego, I have a level of influence, and I have a level of respect for the designers. And we move product on that Barneys floor
There's an analogy to music, right? You provided the sales template there, too. You can't listen to rap now without hearing music that sounds like your old music, right?
It sounds exactly like that
What does that mean in terms of putting the new record together? Do you want the pendulum to swing back and do something more pop, like Twisted Fantasy or Graduation?
I think just my usual pattern is like that. It's like a pendulum. The pendulum gains momentum by swinging in the other direction. Even lyrically, I think about certain lines that I say on my new single, which is called "All Day," that usually Jay would say, but Jay's not on there. So I say, All day, nigga, it's Ye, nigga. Shopping for the winter, it's just May, nigga. Ball so hard, man, this shit cray, nigga. You ain't getting money unless you got eight figures. Right? Jay would have said that. And then eventually I would have came in with, like, whatever I come in with. But the balance of a meal is that when people walk in, they want water first. People definitely weren't getting water first on Yeezus. I do fight with myself to say, "Keep fighting." But also, you know, you can't win every single fight. It's a long war, and if you're out there trying to, like, blow up every single building, you won't win the war
Yeezus seemed to be a moment when you maybe let go of wanting a Grammy. You let go of wanting record sales, in a way that seemed uncharacteristic for you
When I was sitting and trying to do a collaboration with the Gap, in the meeting, when they're like, "No, because you're a celebrity, and you have a bad reputation, and you don't know anything about clothing, so we don't want to do this"—in that meeting, there's no extra single that I could have done that could have got me that deal. There's no extra Grammy that I could have won that could have made it more real. And that's the reason why I had to express the way I feel. Which all rhymed just right there. But Yeezus was extremely purposeful. And what came from Yeezus: Paparazzi are nicer to me. The entire fashion industry is nicer to me. I do have a collaboration coming out. Young designers that would go and work at a house now look and say, "Wow, maybe we could potentially work at Donda. Maybe we could work for Kanye. Maybe that's a real thing." Because designers that are geared up to only want to work at a French fashion house are completely under the perception that it wouldn't be cool to work for a celebrity
But it's such a delicate dance, right? At a certain point, maybe you have to go back and you have to sell some records, win some awards, to maintain your spot in music
Man, it's crazy. And having to take all of your energy, or a lot more of your energy, to focus on fashion. And while you're focusing on that, such-and-such just keeps coming for the spot
And I might complain about how hard it is in clothing, but also I think it's great that it's so hard. Because the barrier to entry is really, really, really, really high. And I'm literally trying to do—back when I did Watch the Throne, and the fashion, I think it was just too much for people. It was just too crazy. It was just too crazy to do Watch the Throne, "Niggas in Paris," shoot a surround-vision film in Qatar, show the film in Cannes…
Put a kilt on
Yeah, kilt. Then do two fashion shows with Jourdan Dunn, Joan Smalls, Irina Shayk, have Diddy, Anna Wintour, Riccardo, Kim at the show, and drop the Yeezys? It felt like every single industry that I was trying to tap into looked at every other industry and everyone held hands. It was like, "Fuck that. No. This is just too crazy."
So what's the lesson you take away from that?
History's gonna be harder to make than I thought
In 2010 you put out My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy, released a new record every Friday, you were on Twitter all the time, you were still blogging at that point… You lived a whole year in public
Yeah
But you fell back from that
Both me and Kim had to learn how to communicate as a team. These are two LeBrons, you know? Meaning she could do shit that a girlfriend in a relationship could never do. Obviously. And I could do stuff that a guy in a relationship could never do. So if you look at half my tweets back then, they were always, like, funny tweets that I wouldn't be able to say now. It wouldn't be respectful to my relationship. It's interesting, as I'm delving into being married: Like, what is my verbal creative communication? That's another thing I really like about clothing and film—you could still communicate with a film, because it's not you. But when you're a reality star or a rapper, you are the film
That's been true for you, right? The year 2010 was really just a different kind of movie
Yeah. It was more Wolf of Wall Street.
You've said that one of the reasons you did Watch the Throne was that you wanted to learn to communicate in the easy way that Jay Z communicated. Do you feel like that experience helped you at all?
Yes! It's picking up skill sets that give you longevity. That's what I like about Jay. He has longevity. He's still at the top of relevancy from the way he moves, the way he interacts with people, his ability to brush things off of his shoulder and just win at life. He's the poster child of winning. And I think I was the poster child of, like, fighting and winning. But you always saw the fight. And with Jay, you always saw the win
Another gifted communicator in your life is Kim. Have you learned from her?
That's funny that you're saying that. One of the reasons why I think that me and Kim are very powerful together isn't just the concept of celebrity or this mega rap star and this mega-beautiful pop star. It's something I explain to my girl: She is who she is. I am who I am. We have advisers and friends and everything, but those people are who they are and we are who we are. And what I had to learn from Kim is how to take more of her advice and less of other people's advice. There's a lot of Kim K skills that were added. In order to win at life, you need some Kim K skills, period
How close are you, fashion-line-wise? A year away? Five years away?
It depends. I think the people that are in the positions of power are starting to see or recognize that it's more than a celebrity thing, it's more than a music thing, and that there is something there. There's people who do celebrity lines. It's what they do. They've signed up to sit at a different table and to be in a different business than the people who do high-end lines
It's the difference, presumably, between what you're doing for Adidas and what Pharrell or 2 Chainz are doing for Adidas
Yeah. And you haven't even seen what I'm doing for Adidas!
Right. But—
You just know
What about the new record? How far away is that?
I don't know, man. I hope I can get one of these songs out in the next couple of weeks, just to have something up and running. But I think most likely September. I go back and forth. Like, should it be September or should it be October? Should it be November? When Beyoncé was working on her last album, she took a while. I was thinking it could somehow come out in June, like Yeezus, and just kill it for the summer. But then I'm like, I have to work on Adidas and be with my child
But you have a lot of the first single already?
But now, for the new album, one new thing could change everything. I had an idea of the way I wanted to do the album. And then I got a new song that's so good that the album has to be balanced against it. This song is a song that can be in the club like "Don't Like" or "Niggas in Paris." Whereas before I was working on the album and I had these beautiful songs, they were just more songs. They weren't saying, "Okay, tuck your whole summer in." They were just saying, "Hey, I'm a great musician, I make these beautiful songs, and they have all this meaning, and nobody can make anything that means this much."
I feel like people have no idea if you're ever actually happy, or what makes you happy
Well, when I work on an album, it's fun at certain times. There's some accomplishments, and sometimes there's a bit of frustration. And it's usually like a nine-month process, right? This is a multi-lifetime process that we have now embarked on. Meaning starting now, you're just starting to see a glimmer of what the idea of West will mean. So right now, at this age and with this visibility and with the skill sets that Kim is now giving me, I think I have a good chance of success in building something that has longevity, high integrity, high success rate, and is very fulfilling, not only for me creatively but also in adding fulfillment to people's lives. Adding ease. Adding wonder. Adding magic
But does happiness arrive at the end of that rainbow? I think people genuinely wonder that
Well, you build your happy wife, happy life, happy home, all this stuff, right? Everybody that's in a relationship that has ever worked on a home knows one of the most frustrating processes is actually working on the home. So when people would see me last year, two years ago, unhappy, I was in the process of building the home
But what makes me happy is land, and we're on a boat now. This is Christopher Columbus. This is uncharted waters we're on. We'd be super happy to be on land, and also a little bit like, "Ah, the journey's over!" But I feel like, we got the Vogue cover, Steve McQueen won the Oscar, we finally got married… You know? We have a child. We're a family now. I am an arbiter of taste, and people think that I have the ability to make things cool—or if I'm doing it, it should be cool. And I feel that this stuff's starting to be cool. And that feels good to me. Because I don't like walking around with people thinking I'm doing uncool shit, because there's nothing I'm doing that's uncool. It's all innovative. You just might not understand it yet. But it's cool. Family is super cool. Going home to one girl every night is super cool. Just going home and getting on the floor and playing with your child is super cool. Not wearing a red leather jacket, and just looking like a dad and shit, is like super cool. Having someone that I can call Mom again. That shit is super cool
Everywhere I go I'm a star, I'm a star
Damn, Kanye, is that your car?
Every—Everywhere I go I'm a star, I'm a star
Damn, Kanye, is that your car?
Niggas repping the 'Go, but we can't tell
You claim you got hoes, nigga, we can't tell
You claim you got dough, but we can't tell
You bought one pair of 1s at a two-for-one sale
Politics kept me at the end of the mixtape
So I dropped my own get-well-soon-from-sick tape
The drug game bulimic, it's hard to get weight
So niggas' money is homo, it's hard to get straight (Uh-huh)
I'm tryna do numbers like Pac did
But it ain't Shakur, it's the brand new Roc kid
Niggas wanna get me like they got BIG
'Cause I moved up out the city and got big
That's the poison that run through their veins
And attacks they soul and just start to tear 'em up
Niggas talk so much shit about me in barbershops
They forget to get they hair cut ("Where you going?")
Okay, fair enough, the streets is flaring up
'Cause they want gun talk, and I don't go there enough
But don't get it fucked up, you can still get your head bust
I'm making way too much dough to be playing (I ain't playing with y'all niggas)
And this is a classic in the making, history repeats itself
He do the rhymes and the beats hisself
The only-child syndrome, make hits on his own (Uh-huh)
And I'ma look in the mirror if I need some help
Y'all bout to blow, man, we can't tell
You claim you got hoes, man, we can't tell
You niggas getting dough, dog, we can't tell
You copped one pair of 1s on a two-for-one sale
I cop Ides by the case like Dirty
I made it to the Power 30 a whole hour early
I'ma pull out the shank and bang ya
I'ma cut a nigga up like LL trainer
This is the future of the Chi
This is the legacy of Twista, the Flic', and Do or Die (What up!)
So first of all, who am I? ("The fuck is you?")
My—My—My name is Kanye and not Kayne, bitch
At home like Cambridge, look at what I came with
No, none of that same shit, that new and improved
Now, I don't know if it's me or how yellow my Roc-A-Fella chain is
But I'm so live/smooth, there's nothing to prove (Ooh-OOH!)
You niggas 'bout to blow, man, we can't tell
You claim you got hoes, man, we can't tell
You niggas gettin' dough, dog, we can't tell
You copped one pair of 1s at a two-for-one sale
Ayo, everywhere I go I'm a star, star
Damn, Kanye, is that your car?
Now, everywhere I go I'm a star
Damn, Kanye, is that your car?
Don't let them make you believe
That I'm crazy, that I'm crazy
I think it's a couple more things they owe us
I think it's a couple more things they owe us
Billions and cars and weed
And mothafuckin' minks is all that they show us
But we are the owners
I think it's a couple more things they owe us
So don't-don't-don't-don't
Don't-don't-don't
Don't let them make you believe
That I'm crazy, nigga I'm not crazy
I'm tellin' you
Don't-don't-don't
Don't-don't-don't
Don't let them make you believe
That I'm crazy, nigga I'm not crazy
See that's the magic of racism, it works on itself
We hate each other, screw each other, kill each other
When we can't kill nobody else
See that's the magic of lackin' resources, it works on itself
500 niggas gettin' pop-pop-pop-pop-pop-pop-popped
And North Carolina didn't help
See that's the magic of racism, it works on itself
Niggas hate niggas, hate niggas, hate niggas, hate niggas
Hate niggas, hate niggas, ayy, niggas, ayy, nigga
And I was born in the A, nigga
And my name Ye, nigga, ayy nigga
Don't-don't-don't-don't
Don't-don't-don't
Don't make, make you believe that I'm crazy
I'm not crazy
Don't-don't-don't-don't
Don't-don't-don't
Don't let the media make you believe that I'm
That I'm...
See that's the shit I don't like
Look, let’s put some money up, you can’t make mine stop
I’m hot nigga, like a pistol off the dime block
Before you change lanes, you should check your blind spot
‘Cause I’ll be right there waitin’ like a bike cop
With my nine cocked, and I’m so hot
All a nigga really need is just one shot
To the dome, you be gone and it’s no more
I could kill ‘em goin’ fast or with the slow flow
Man I’m so O with the six in front
Motherfucka prolly smoke six blunts
Two o’s in the back, I got the six in front
Add four plus that, whatchu got, what’s what?
That’s a perfect ten, I’ma curse to him
Thinkin’ that the Slauson boys was not those men
I’ma knock those men out the ring by the third round
I treat it like the Superbowl, this is fourth down
However you want it, I got it in for the low
Come get it, I got it, you got it good nigga go
I hustle I rob, I do it all for the dough
It’s all for the dough
However you want it, I got it in for the low
Come get it, I got it, you got it good nigga go
I hustle I rob, I do it all for the dough
It’s all for the dough
It’s for the dough, the clothes
The bitches and the hoe’s
The paper in the cash, nigga used to livin’ fast
Navigation in my dash, big burner in my stash
Two twelves in my trunk, but nigga you don’t know the half
Look, ain’t nobody hold my hand through this shit
I was gave the same game, I just ran with this shit
On road to the riches, I don’t stand for no bitch
Caught herself for free when ridin’ with me
So It ain’t just MOB it’s MOE
That’s money-over-everything under G-O-D
I got A-1 credit, still its C.O.D
So keep it cash on deliver when you dealin’ with me
They wonder how a young nigga that’s as crooked as me
CEO of the label, no GED
See,I flow for them people that be in them streets
They seen me starve
Now they finna’ watch me eat
However you want it, I got it in for the low
Come get it, I got it, you got it good nigga go
I hustle I rob, I do it all for the dough
It’s all for the dough
However you want it, I got it in for the low
Come get it, I got it, you got it good nigga go
I hustle I rob, I do it all for the dough
It’s all for the dough
Look, off a fifth of that vodka-v, I’ma sick nigga
I’m dead up in the hood, livin’ like a rich nigga
I'd probably die in the hood cause of this nigga
I’m dead up in the hood, livin’ like a rich nigga
You’s bitch, you switch I’ma stay shitty
Win lose or draw, can’t take the pain with me
Said if I play the game, I gotta make my name history
Put it in the books, that nigga brought the flame with him
‘Cause where we go, nobody knows what’s coming after this
So while we’re here, let’s make a toast to all this lavish shit
Pop the Moe’ and pop the Vueve with the baddest bitch
Fast lane, young niggas just havin’ shit
However you want it, I got it in for the low
Come get it, I got it, you got it good nigga go
I hustle I rob, I do it all for the dough
It’s all for the dough
However you want it, I got it in for the low
Come get it, I got it, you got it good nigga go
I hustle I rob, I do it all for the dough
It’s all for the dough
When I go to sleep late I get off my grind
And when I wake up in the mornin’, money on my mind
‘Cause I’ma hustle
I'm ready, ready for action
Intimate swift like a cash transaction
Speaker blows out from row house to the mansion
This ghetto sound rap, an arousal of passion
They don't know the language, but shoutin' the anthem
The beat translated make the world understand some
My voice like magic, my flow fantastic
In summary I'm rare, ordinary, elaborate
But check the profile, this is lyrically handsome
Resembles my pay scale, slim nigga, ain't frail
And I ain't in the gym on some Ebony man shit
I'm in the laboratory, bench pressin' the standard
Get close to the Gods, stay focused and sharp
It's High stakes and there's way more than paper involved
You must evolve or die, that ain't falsified
Home team I know you keep trouble on your mind
Don't let bullshit knock you off your grind
And that's real talk for all of mine and for all of yours
I rock steady, keep your bounce of course
I'm low key, cool breeze, man I'm 'bout my balls
Tap tap, knock down your door
Tap tap and break down the wall, collect and count it all
And like "Bang" in the air, I'm gone
See I'm ridin' on, keep cool, you can ride along
But keep it up, you won't ride for long
And that's word to God, BK show me where you are
Word to Lord we the brightest stars
And this the hottest thing
I make 'em get involved
Yes yes y'all, free free y'all
I feel free y'all, and you don't stop
Yes yes y'all, free free y'all
I feel free y'all, and you don't stop
Yes yes y'all, free free y'all
I feel free y'all, and you don't stop
It’s like, get your mind right ‘te is the twilight
I'm Strong in the limelight, sharper than hindsight
Blow valley survivor, rider or driver
The most powerful culture's on coast and it's skin deep
Who hear me? Put Simply
I Kill confusion and build your movement
Magnetic contributions
We all know around and behind the music
Black dons constitution
Straight ahead and elusive, black Dons, they exclusive
So let's do this
Yes yes y'all, free free y'all
I feel free y'all, and you don't stop
Yes yes y'all, free free y'all
I feel free y'all, and you don't stop
Yes yes y'all, free free y'all
I feel free y'all, and you don't stop
Yes yes y'all, free free y'all
I feel free y'all, and you don't stop
I'm ready, ready for action
Intimate swift like a cash transaction
Speaker blows out from row house to the mansion
This ghetto sound rap, an arousal of passion
They don't know the language, but shoutin' the anthem
The beat translated make the world understand some
My voice like magic, my flow fantastic
In summary I'm rare, ordinary, elaborate
But check the profile, this is lyrically handsome
Resembles my pay scale, slim nigga, ain't frail
And I ain't in the gym on some Ebony man shit
I'm in the laboratory, bench pressin' the standard
Get close to the Gods, stay focused and sharp
It's High stakes and there's way more than paper involved
You must evolve or die, that ain't falsified
Home team I know you keep trouble on your mind
Don't let bullshit knock you off your grind
And that's real talk for all of mine and for all of yours
I rock steady, keep your bounce of course
I'm low key, cool breeze, man I'm 'bout my balls
Tap tap, knock down your door
Tap tap and break down the wall, collect and count it all
And like "Bang" in the air, I'm gone
See I'm ridin' on, keep cool, you can ride along
But keep it up, you won't ride for long
And that's word to God, BK show me where you are
The coolest thing and the brightest star
Uh uh uh uh yeah
Me and Cass got flows until the beat run out
I told you motherfuckers before we in the house
And we standin on the couch
With my drink and my two step my drink and my two step
Three glasses in a row you start to think I was Q-Tip
Bartender pour a round I took a few sips
Stumblin', fallin' down, I ain't drunk that's my new step
Now why would I listen to bullshit they shovel
When they taste level ain't at my waist level
I'm fly get on a plane jet lagged already
I'm tired, the Goyard bags is heavy
I'm fire, the flow hard as a Chevy
I told her me like ye, she said she like me, ha
When see me with a CL like Pete Rock
She just wanna grab a microphone and beat box
Even in high school I was always a special kid
First pack of condoms I asked for extra big
Now I got a flow they sit me right next to Big
And all these old rappers don't know where the exit is
But but but no buts nigga
What nigga
We fired motherfuckers, Donald Trump nigga
I'm killin' these niggas can't front nigga
Now let's drink to that until drunk nigga











Look what happened to Ma$e, I hope you see them same lighters
And my tape pound from me, put you on tubes and vitamins
I might've been slunked in the G-5 drunk and
Thumpin' the chronic one ridin' with the Thump Jiva
I'm on the run from marriage to rolling the carriage
To go with the average, give me someone established
I'm performing if they come with the carros
These bitches want my son in their carriage
But I don't wanna feel dumb and embrassed, bitch

A pool party at the church
G'd up and others barbequeing
Ain't no telling what your daddy and your momma doing
Chewing on these baby-backs popping bottles with these macks
Everybody swimming, backyard full of women
I'm entertaining folks
Gave the lil' homie twenty dollars just to shine my hundred spokes
Coke with the Hennesey tends to be the remedy
Family and friends to me
Everyone pretends to be kin to me
I can't wait until the Fourth of July
To pop some fireworks with my kids
And fly some kites high in the sky
See, it's the family reunion
And down at the church house, they giving up the annual communion
It seems we made it to another summer
Yeah we came and come up
213 is more than friends
Yeah, we like blood brothers
Riding this 'til the wheels fall off
Can you dig that?
We got this summertime anthem for y'all
We did that
We made it through winter
We made it through fall
We made it through the spring time
Tough times and all
It's good to see
Another Summer
I'm riding with the top down
Let the wind blow
Chillin' with my love
Partying fo' sho'
It feels good to see
Another Summer
Everybody if you with me sing
We got the game on lock
On the paper chase, can't stop
On a roll, still hot
Gotta be top notch
I like the girls 'cuz they hot
Plus I know what they want
They want the game that we got
Hold up baby girl I think not
I like the nasty girls from around the way
Hoppin' in my gray drop-top Mercedes
Shouts go out to my sexy ladies
Just in case your man is hating
Tell your boy he better chill (Summertime)
Tell your boy he better chill (Summertime)
I'm addicted to the sunshine the way it make these women dress
Tank tops, flip flops, make this nigga love the west
Different spots, even though different, it's still crackin'
In Jamaica, Queens I sit back, live and collect the cabbage
It's an affair that every state can relate to
And if you do what I do, then go on and follow suit
From Chi-Town to Diego, all the way back to NY
Stay fly, and never miss a piece of sunshine
When I'm at the church I barbeque for my kinfolk
Watch lil' Elijah and lil' Warren run the football
Got weed, got drink, but most of all the spirit
And it's a blessin' that the world wanna hear our music
The summer is an inspiration as much as the fast
And to my my nigga Snoopdewoop, I love you fam'
Riding this 'til the wheels fall off
Can you dig that?
We got this summertime anthem for y'all
We did that
Yeah, another summer
Kanye West good looking on the beat, nephew
213 reminding y'all put your guns down
Real spit it's summertime, let's enjoy ourselves
We just wanna celebrate
You know what I'm talking about?
It's too hot for all that
Yeah 213
Moving mountains y'all haha
All the time, yeah
This song right here changed my life... come on, come on!
God show me the way, now the devil can't break me down

God show me the way, now the devil can't break me down
The only thing that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now
And now I think there is something that I can say now that'll right my wrongs
I finally talked to God, I ain't afraid cause His love is so strong
Jesus walk with me, he walk with the sinners cause I know I am
But I ain't no loser, I'm a winner and I know I can
Overcome the devil for he get the best of me
My daddy always said G-O-D gon' have tests for me
Illegally they told me to lie when they question me
But God sent an angel that said the truth will set you free
So in the midst of getting sued for more than my deal
I admitted I fell asleep at the wheel
Cause I realized I could've died, he saved me
Every single hit that got played he gave me
People ask me "Do you read your Bible?"
"It could help out when you need revival"
There's something about this beat that get me tranquilized
And when I play it at my shows I feel sanctified
And he give me direction when I can't decide
He is alive! How could you tell me that he ain't when I said

God show me the way, now the devil can't break me down
The only thing that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now

Paparazzo: Relax, man
Kanye: What you mean, “relax?!”
Paparazzo: We don’t want to fight. We’re in the street
Kanye: I'mma change all this
Paparazzo: Come on, Kanye. You know we like you
Kanye: Shut the fuck up. It’s 4 AM, you blood sucking mosquito
Paparazzo: You left the bag right there, Kanye
Kanye: You want me to be standing outside your house at 4 AM?
Paparazzo: We just want you to know that we’re here to support you--
Kanye: Shut the fuck up! You doing that to get more money for TMZ, every question you ask me
Paparazzo: No, we’re just here to support you--
Kanye: SHUT THE FUCK UP! You bully! You mosquito bully! Pick a profession with some type of respect to it
Paparazzo: Já era!
-Não, vamos pra lá!
-No teu carro?
-Bora na tua moto
-Não, vamo embora meu, tu vai perder o cara!
-Vai, vai que eu to pegando o carro
She's like that all the time
I always get on when she's on
She's like that all the time
I tell her she's right when she's wrong
Anything for a quiet night
'Cause she's always keeping it going
She's like that all the time
But I'll never leave her alone

She's like that all the time
I always get on when she's on
She's like that all the time
I tell her she's right when she's wrong
Anything for a quiet night
'Cause she's always keeping it going
She's like that all the time
But I'll never leave her alone
Oh God, ooh

She's like that all the time
I always get on when she's on
She's like that all the time
I tell her she's right when she's wrong
Anything for a quiet night
'Cause she's always keeping it going
She's like that all the time
But I'll never leave her alone









I go by the name Kanye Omari
And I wrote this just to say I'm sorry
I have foreign cars and houses
I have porno stars and spouses
You tryin' to stab one like Jack the Ripper
I was tryin' to stab two like Jack the Tripper
My nigga Tone been locked for a minute
He come home, he from the street
He gon' want him some strippers
And I'm a big tipper I don't need to be trippin'
This my first Rolex it don't even be tickin'
This my first pair of earrings I can wear in the shower
Without them clouding up in half an hour
So that basically mean my paper getting mean
Basically mean I'm into better things
I was an addict of cheating but I stopped for sure
You an addict you go with Janet Jackson you cured


Yeah
So what you gon' do? (TNG ain't nothin')
When they see TNG doin' it (Gettin' low) (Strapped up in this ma-fucka!)
You understand me?
Ha (You know what it is)
Better get low, nigga!





Lets get it started, get it started, get it started yeah yeah
Ladies and gentlemen!

Yea (yeaaah)
Come on
Uhh
Yeah
Kweli
Yo Yo
Ayo my silent moments, loud as the crack of thunder
My hunger is like the crocodile that attacks the hunter
It ain't commercial or underground, its true cause I
(wanna be good to you)
Call it skill, call it game, call it glow, call my name
Like the lord, all in vain, screaming like you all in pain
Treat it like a drug, all up in ya vein cause (wanna be good to you)
We make the squares dance, and get the do like dosey
Y'all niggas roll with pussycats like Josie
All spoiled rotten like ghetto groceries yo
I clutch the mic like ya grandma clutch her rosary yo
Swooping the industry, like a bird to prey
My stanzas has got stamina, ya verses lack vertebrae
I heard them say I was a conscious rapper
But I'm a monster when I hafta smack the shit out of a nonsense actor
Using my 'hands solo' and I don't need Chewy
Over your head like Yarmulkes and Kufis yo
I write screen gems y'all niggas act in B movies
Type of niggas proud to be groupies
Followers in the herd running over the cliff
I'm the "Buffalo Soldier", smoke ya like a dreadlock rasta
Blowing the spliff, loading a clip to spit high
Like you holding blow in a stolen whip, rolling the strip
Looking to hit cops, now that's a 4 alarm
Black queen falling on my arms, you could call it charm
Matter fact call it what you want, it's up to you bro
(wanna be good to you)
Yea
Yea
Yea
Chorus (1x)
How many niggas ever been in love'
How many niggas really think they thugs
And can't think without the drink and drugs
How many niggas can't get in with hats and sneakers on
Say 'fuck security' and get inside and keep them on
How many niggas think that gats make the weaker strong
Can't do for self and wanna snatch the plate you eating on
That don't take heart, slave nigga play ya part
I'd rather jump over board nigga, face the sharks
We stay doing it, later for the conversation
Hammers is cocked and waiting, niggas is not debating
We ain't got the patience. You found popping shit
Come in to town just to run you down like poppa ditch
And dig a proper ditch, you lying like a politician
Your proposition meets opposition like contradictions
Get out my House, you ain't no real Representative
I make it happen, you ain't official, you tentative
Niggas is sensitive, see how they catching feelings
It's so hot, the sweat rise and it wet the ceiling
Barracuda, Spitkicker nigga that's the crew (wanna be good to you)
Whoo! (yeaahh)
Come on
Yeah
Well alright
Yo
Yo
Yo
Niggas be claiming shit, find a gangsta movie, put
They name in it, biting like there ain't no shame in it
You the hardest on the beat, I'm the fire that you playing with
You a artist from the street, I'll give you the blood to paint it with
So yeah I'm positive, I'm positive I'm the best
Spit bullets to split ya vest and deposit them in ya chest
Dark is the flesh on my bones, calling Brooklyn home
Hang up on niggas like 'I want you to meet my nigga tone, word
Leave me alone like Michael Jackson
Or there will be more than butterflies in your stomach
Waiting to see what happens
You see me out, know that my crew is flawless
So called gangstas need more security than the Rawkus office
Yo, I thought you bust ya gun
You just a big joke, thinking you a Big Pun
Yo, Kanye this is the big one (wanna be good to you)
Me and my niggas having big fun
Bridge (1x)
Chorus (1x)
Come on
BK and
BX and
Q boro and
Manhattan and
Harlem niggas and
Long Island
Wanna be good to you you you come on! (wanna be good to you)
The whole world rocking
Yo the whole world rocking
Ayo uhh
Now, there’s people that I love that did vote that voted for Hillary and I don’t love them no less because they had their opinion. I love friends that I have that voted on Hillary. My manager, Scooter Braun, voted on Hillary. One of my management team. My other manager, Izzy, I’m gonna assume voted on Hillary. Everybody said that if you voted on Trump you have to go back to like Montauk or shit. And guess what? That entire team still put together this show tonight with people with differences of opinion, still put this show together tonight and still came together and made this show for y’all. They told me, “Ye, do not say that out loud. Whatever you do, do not say that out loud.” And I just said it! I wanted to say that before the election and they told me, “Do not say that out loud. Whatever you do, do not say that.” That don’t mean that I don’t think that Black Lives Matter. That don’t mean I don’t think that I’m a believer in women’s rights. That don’t mean I don’t believe in gay marriage. That don’t mean that I don’t believe in these things because that was the guy I would have voted for.
Run the next song.
How that make you think, though? The fact that I just asked that undeniable question? That in most music situations you have the Democrats always since the beginning of time. The Democrats were considered to be more liberal. The Democrats were supposed to be more futuristic in their approach. The Democrats were supposed to have more empathy and be more about the people and that relates directly to music and it also relates to celebrity and the idea of what music does for you. Democrat is like music to your ears or something. Bye. Your voices. Do you believe–what percentage of people here–and by the way, I’m not setting y’all up, I’m not setting y’all up I’ve got no time for bullshit–what I’m saying is, what percentage of people here do you think voted for Trump? Do you think it was two people here? Do you think maybe it was 100 people? Do you think maybe it was 1,000 people out of the 15,000 people here? No, I’m asking you, what do you really believe? One person. Two people. What do you really believe? What do you really believe? What do you really believe? What do you really believe? What do you really believe? What do you really believe?
I haven’t talked about anybody’s stances on anything. I haven’t talked about any quote that anybody gave from either side. That’s not what I’m talking ’bout. That’s not what I’m asking you. What I’m asking you is what you really believe. I put something that I would bet on. I bet that it might be 20 percent or maybe even 30 percent of this very audience right here that might have voted for Trump. I bet you 15 percent, 50 percent of them, would never say that at a Kanye West show because of the climate right now. And they don’t know they might think I’m like, “Oh, they voted for Trump... y’all should go ahead and….” It’s the opposite of that. People got the right to vote for whoever they want to vote for. That’s the right to vote! That is our right! I did not vote. Aww, no. The Saint Pablo ticket sales are going down now. Aww no, t-shirts. “Aww nah, you just got out of jail Ye. You had to deal with the Taylor Swift shit for seven years now you gonna go say some... naw, Ye don’t say shit. Just step out.” Fuck that, bro. That’s the reality.
Well, Ye, how you gonna expect people to vote for you if you ain’t even vote? I’m concerned not about the idea of being president or the actual job of it. I’m concerned about putting our concept of how to do the job in a new way. And if no one will do it in that way I will take position in 2020 and do it myself. “Aw you ain’t gonna get it now because of what you just said.” It was proof that it didn’t matter what nobody just said! It doesn’t matter!
It might have been a reporter who wanted to use this as an opportunity to say, “Oh, this rapper” because when they call me a rapper they try to say that I’m less than thinking, less than a philosopher. But rappers are the philosophers of our now. The rappers all form a sense of our now. The celebrities are the influencers of our now. Just look at the president. He wasn’t even in politics and he won! That shows you not if you mad about him winning, but that shows you the level of possibility that is out there if you go and find information and don’t believe everything the fucking internet is telling you! There is possibilities! There’s possibilities inside of books. There’s possibilities when you call grandmother. Motherfuckers be on the internet way more than they calling they mother or they grandmother. To get information that would have you wrong as fuck like everybody knows a couple days ago! Do you ever want to be blindsided like that?
Don’t trivialize what I was saying when I talked about our president’s approach to the campaign when I said it was entertaining. I don’t think his approach was just entertaining, because that trivializes it, I actually think that his approach was absolutely genius because it fucking worked! Next song.
Oh shit, you threw something at me. Does anyone else wanna throw something at me? But, you know what, I got the power to get that guy kicked out, or whatever, roughed up. No. Stay here. What do you believe? That’s your opinion. Express your opinion, bro. Express your opinion. Thank you. That’s a woman right there saying, “I love you,” after I just said that there was things that I liked about Trump’s campaign. That’s not supposed to happen, right? No! That’s not supposed to happen, right? Case in point. Aw, no. Well, no. I guess we’re not gonna sell out the rest of the tour now. There’s methods, nonpolitical methods to speaking that I like that I feel were very futuristic and that style and that method of communication has proven that it can be a politically correct way of communication. And I fuck with that. You threw something at me! Naw, he wanted me to sign his Yeezy.
I don’t say 2020 out of disrespect to our president at all. I’m not saying that, “Aw man, that just mean that anybody can win.” That’s not what I’m saying when I say 2020. I’ll just say I got some ideas about the way that we should connect our ideas. And we should use opposite parties that the Republicans, that the Democrats, that everyone that ran that had an idea that people agreed with should be the collective ideas that are used to run the country. And that should mean more. So there's things that Benjamin Carson believes in... that I believe in. I believe that Benjamin Carson should still be a consultant. I think that Hillary Clinton should still be a consultant. I think that Bill Clinton should still be a consultant. Obama said... I think Obama should still be a consultant. It’s that, “Oh, I don’t fuck with your principles so now I’m not gonna give you no information that could help you help all of us.” Make sure this dude that got the Yeezy get his Yeezy back, specifically. Hey, security, get it back.
Man, and you know what also? I’m not saying this to diss celebrity and that all who are particularly on the Democratic side, that’s cool, I just like... I hate the fact that because I’m a celebrity everybody told me not to say that I loved the debates. I loved his approach. It’d be like white people that’s racist running around saying “niggas” now. If people are racist and they feel more inspired to say how they feel then they exposing themselves, bro. This is what I’m saying. It’s already the beginning of change. Sometimes things that you might think are bad have to happen in order for change to fucking happen. Sometimes you might have to not get your way to really understand what to do in the future to be able to get your way.
Midi Mafia niggas
Yeah, yeah
Oh ohh oh ohhhhhhhh ohhhhhh!
Let me call some, call some girls that I knowww, knowww
I don't mean the bougie ones from befohhh, 'fohhh
I need some girls that's really down to get lowww, lowwww
It's ya boy Kanye To The
The Roc is in the building right now
We smoked out
And I don't even talk like that
To the wall
Now if my man Benzino got a Benz and they call him Benzino
When I get my Bentley they gon call me Bent-lino
Lot of shit changed since I hooked with Jay-Z yo
For the tracks I done got 800 C-notes
So glad I ain't take the drive to Home Depot
Right now my car and home would be repo'd
Fuckin with my girl today around three-oh
My man said let's call some girls that we know
Ohhhhhhhh!
Sometimes I wanna say fuck my bitch
But I don't want nobody to fuck my bitch
Even if a modelin chick sucked my dick
It wouldn't make me now feel so sick, just because
They came over to cheer me up
Smoked, drink, and yeah we fucked
No matter what they do it can't be enough
Wooo! Yeah! Haha.. Stat Quo nigga
Shady motherfuckin Aftermath, you understand me?
Uhh

Yeah, yeah
You know what I told them cats?
Let me tell you what I told em

Hold up
Make sure y'all look for my patna Stat Quo's upcoming solo album
Entitled "Statlanta"
On Crome-man Music with Shady Aftermath
Oh yeah man





Uhh, uhh
Ladies and gentlemen the C-O-double M-O-N
Synonym for fresh, truth is the emblem
Hardcore since I was next door to Clem and them
Cold as the winter when fake niggas was shiverin'
Shakin' in they Timberlands, you as played as Bennigans
Hot for a minute, now you just a "remember him"
I been a master since P was No Limitin
Stick to sayin'
No gimmickin' and no mimickin'
Q infinitin' down old blocks are bendin in
Yellin' "Fuck tha police" like Ren and them
Pelican brief these niggas on who I be
Before the paper and the fame niggas knew Rashid
Noble like Drew Ali
Many have come
But few have been chose to be a true MC
You sing along with it, inside you knowin' it's wack
Young who? Oh, he the openin' act
Let, let, le-le-le-le-le-let's go
It's a festival in hip-hop, we do it non-stop
Pop your bottles
Chicago niggas do it in staccato
Choppin' notes for my homies, fuck a motto
And Ferragamo shoes givin' dudes the model
Think fast, drive slow, survival is the throttle
Your live show is hollow, should've kept it local
Rappin' over vocals
Soundin' soft as JoJo
With twelve monkeys on stage it's hard to see who's the gorilla
You was better as a drug dealer
Feel the passion of this B-boy rationale
Half of it is what you say and half is style
I guess it's time for you to start cashin' out
It's over folks, tell your guys to put the glasses down
Masters now, verses touch the youth like a Catholic priest
Performances keep me stackin' the sheets
The name is Com I’m like a rebel in rap
Struggle music mixed with weed to make the ghetto react
I know they wanna Resurrect but I ain’t pedalin' back
They gangster stories just as real as Kevin Federline rap
I guess it’s Kramer and Bush that don’t care about blacks
Kinda wish it was some real niggas there that just snapped
Meanwhile in the mean world, hoes cry freedom and fiends url
I’m standing supreme like the Dreamgirls
And I’m tellin you like Jennifer Hudson
The law get outta pocket then I’ma be buckin’
Goin’ against me joe is self-destruction
I’m tired of y'all like my man is of hustlin’
Shuckin’ and jivin', gon’ do that dance nigga
30 with kids pull up ya pants nigga
I ran with the brothers from around the 7
I can tell who’s live by soundcheckin'
Feels like I'm goin' in circles
You're like a maze I can't get through
Should I go left? Should I go right?
Should I let you stay for the night?
It's like a seesaw when it comes to your love
Boy, when you're up, this girl is down
And I just can't figure it out
'Cause you know that I want you
And you know that I need you
Is that any way to be?
Just have your way with me
My body is cryin'
These tears - can you wipe 'em?
Is that any way to be?
Just have your way with me
I'm goin' out with guys I don't wanna go
To places that I've been before
They pitchin' the same game
Boy, it's a damn shame
How I wish it was you callin' me
I want it to be you holdin' me
Boy, it needs to be you kissin' me
'Cause it's like a seesaw, when it comes to your love
Boy, when you're up, this girl is down
And I just can't figure it out
'Cause you know that I want you
And you know that I need you
Is that any way to be?
Just have your way with me
My body is cryin'
These tears - can you wipe 'em?
Is that any way to be?
Just have your way with me
Listen
Have your way with me anytime, anywhere
Have your way however, I don't care
Have your way with me
And you can have it tonight
Tonight, tonight, boy, tonight
'Cause you know that I want you
And you know that I need you
Is that any way to be?
Just have your way with me
My body is cryin'
These tears - can you wipe 'em?
Is that any way to be?
Just have your way with me
'Cause you know that I want you
And you know that I need you
Is that any way to be?
Just have your way with me
My body is cryin'
These tears - can you wipe 'em?
Is that any way to be?
Just have your way with me

Living life like there's no damn rules
Tonight I'm finna hop up in that hotel pool
Grab your hand, white dress, you gon' hop in too
Get everything that bein' at the top includes
What's your friend's attitude, why she so damn rude? huh?
Tell her smile for a change
If a baller come around, she gone smile for the change
I know they type, I know the life
I know you're living your life for the night, another night
Ask the city what they got for us
That mean it wasn't even poppin' if it not for us
Then isn't isn't this all that I said it'd be
I want the best for you, but want better for me, ugh
I paid the price of fame, icy chain
Stack my money tall, height advantage





You a bad girl, and your friend's bad too (Ooh)
We got the swag sauce, she drippin' swagu (Ooh)
You a bad girl and your friends bad too (Ooh)
We got the swag sauce, she drippin' swagu (Ooh)

Got her toes done up, with her finger nails matchin'
Got her toes done up, with her finger nails matchin'
Got her toes done up, with her finger nails matchin'
Got her toes done up, with her finger nails matchin'
Got her toes done up, with her finger nails matchin'
Got her toes done up, with her finger nails matchin'
Got her toes done up, with her finger nails matchin'
Got her toes done up, with her finger nails matchin'

Got her toes done up, with her finger nails matchin'
Got her toes done up, with her finger nails matchin'
Got her toes done up, with her finger nails matchin'
Got her toes done up, with her finger nails matchin'
Got her toes done up, with her finger nails matchin'
Got her toes done up, with her finger nails matchin'
Got her toes done up, with her finger nails matchin'
Got her toes done up, with her finger nails matchin'
Aye, yo this motherfucka's jammin'; I'm on it, it's an anthem
Who is that in the Phantom? Please no cameras
They gone have me on Concrete Loop in my pajamas
To hide the goods, I would need pants big as Hammer's
I be tippin' them dancers, they be sayin' I'm handsome
I was pretty before the dough but now I'm just the man
You remind me of my old chick, on that '84 shit
Oh shit, did you see the way she got her toes did?
Got her toes done up, with her finger nails matchin'
Got her toes done up, with her finger nails matchin'
Got her toes done up, with her finger nails matchin'
Got her toes done up, with her finger nails matchin'
Got her toes done up, with her finger nails matchin'
Got her toes done up, with her finger nails matchin'
Got her toes done up, with her finger nails matchin'
Got her toes done up, with her finger nails matchin'

Got her toes done up, with her finger nails matchin'
Got her toes done up, with her finger nails matchin'
Got her toes done up, with her finger nails matchin'
Got her toes done up, with her finger nails matchin'
Got her toes done up, with her finger nails matchin'
Got her toes done up, with her finger nails matchin'
Got her toes done up, with her finger nails matchin'
Got her toes done up, with her finger nails matchin'
There is a balm in Gilead
There is a balm in Gilead
There is a balm in Gilead
There is a balm in Gilead
There is a balm in Gilead
There is a balm in Gilead
There is a balm in Gilead
There is a balm in—
Oh, oh, oh, there is a balm in Gilead
There is a balm (Jesus is a balm in—)
There-ere-ere-ere is a balm (Jesus is a balm in—)
There is a balm (There is a balm in—)
There-ere-ere-ere is a balm (Jesus is a balm in—)
There is a balm (Jesus is a balm in—)
There-ere-ere-ere is a balm (Jesus is a balm in—)
There is a balm (There is a balm in—)
There-ere-ere-ere is a balm (Jesus is a balm in—)
There is a balm
There-ere-ere-ere is a balm
There is a balm (Oh, yeah)
There-ere-ere-ere is a balm (Jesus is a balm in—)
There is a balm
There-ere-ere-ere is a balm
There is a balm (Oh, yeah)
There-ere-ere-ere is a balm
There is a balm in Gilead
There is a balm in Gilead
There is a balm in Gilead
There is a balm in—
Oh, oh, oh, there is a balm in Gilead
Oh, there is a balm

Niggas thought I couldn't rhyme but I tricked 'em
My pulse quickened, I
Brought myself outta last place, I Michael Vick'd 'em
Niggas thought I let 'em down like Tyson
I got the belt like Lewis
I took these beats, I passed 'em to myself, I'm Kordell Stewart
Back on the corner, back on the block
The Quincy Jones of hip hop, it's my time like Warner
Since I shine like Shyne in '99 with his
A lot of people talkin' real outta like with this
There's a war going on a few bitches wanna start with me
Showing the New World, I'mma Order even more of me
So I can live forever like diamonds
Throw your diamonds up, cause almost dying ain't stop me from rhyming
I hate a deadbeat nigga that rely on his man
See he'll lie on his dick but won't lie on the stand
And go to every single barbershop and lie to the fans
So it's time for Kanye to put the Chi on again
I'm the 2003, Do Or D-I-E
They trying to say the best nigga is Twista, then me
It's all R.O.C., it's all family tree
I got that new G5 he got that new Hum-Vee
Incorporate Young Hov and that's The Blueprint 3
And The Blueprint 2 is 3 mil right now
So cut all that, "I don't like Bonnie & Clyde shit out
Listen

Dawg, there's nowhere to hide
All I got is my pride
I almost died
I keep that 2Pac feeling alive
You have no idea how I'm feeling inside
It's the Roc throw your diamonds up in the sky



Run in the store and I pass it to 'Ye
Goin' goin' 'till I'm passin' away
Goin' strong with a password to safe
Headed down, I don't know how this is late
No, no, don't throw nothin' away
Strong, strong, wanna lead 'em away
Bitches, call but at the end of the day
Hunnid' K is my Minimum Wage
KKK, we gon' fill out the state
Goin' strong at the end of the day
They feelin' the way, I'm feelin' the stage
I'm feelin' the state how I'm killin' the state
I got business today, I got business today
I did it today, where's the debate?
All in my way, I'm on the way
What they say? Hannibal
Rose gold pedestal
Hannibal, edible, Trump
Give it to him, way that I, hold it up
Count it up, surround it up (Haha)
I'm out of luck, count it up
Forget it up, no, they not enough
Run it up, run it up, don't you run it up
Edible, wide eyes, this dude goes for the cheddar
Count it up
Woman arrested for gettin' naked

I hate when people at me
I'm hurt, so, nigga, don't at me





Alien, magical, flyin', and all
Being, I got her signed on
Beam me up, I'm 'bout to sign off
Dumber now, need to take time off
Dumber now, I don't believe the time
Should have gone, man, I believe they lyin' (Get a mic, huh)
Sign, do you believe in science?
Bigger sign, bet they gon' bleed now

Aliens, double to sign off
Better time, 'bout to take time off
I don't believe in time, I just believe in science
Order a bleeding nine, tell her, "Don't leave tonight"
Alien, being 'bout to fly out
Took her out, order her something with eyes out
They was done, we the one, we just on
Louis thong, Lebanon, we become, what they done?
Duh-na-na, duh, feel it, feel it, feel it
This ain't our planet, that's why I kill it
Kill it, animals, kill it, ozone, kill it
Blood, spill it, somethin' you deal with
Alien, took the time off, I just took time off
Fly up, a pyramid, dunked on, Vesuvius
No bro, serious, I'm dead serious
I'm dead serious, I'm dead serious
Alien, period, she on her period
She gonna come here yet, something, then we get
Closer, better yet, na-na, duh-na-na
Alien, takeoff, I took time off
I don't believe in time, I just believe in science
I've just been feeling nine
We gon' just leave at nine
Christian calendar, some-some calendar
Airplane, challenge us, happen to challenge her
Said, "It blow up," Michael Moore said, "No what?"
Ain't nobody die, Alex Jones said the same shit and fried
Oh shit
Alien, pyramid, fly off, take off
Break off, Kit Kat, take off, wake up
Make off, they go, say go, get makeov'
You let go in Waco, Texas
Pull up, err-err, 'Lexus
Flex this, bless this, genesis, precious
Message, message, bless it
Don't stress it, don't stress shit
Don't test it, don't test this
Don't touch this, man they Hammer time
On the dotted line, on the camera time
When it's out of line and they meant it right
Done it down to nine, on the dotted line
Want a better line and I'm feeling right
Kill the feeling, right, oh and I made it rhyme
'Cause I met a time and you're out of time
And you wear the line and he out of line
But he set it off, on the Adderall
When they got it all, set it off y'all
Alien, takeoff, monster
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Usually I don't do this but ok...
Ok I see you checkin' me out (Checkin' me out)
I think I know what you winkin' about (Winkin' about)
You wit your man you don't want him to see (Want him to see)
It's alright with me
I know I drank I little bit much (Hey!)
You think I'm talking crazy and such (Hey!)
I can't walk straight but girl I can see
You're alright with me
Alright
I see a little something that I like
You lookin' mighty fine in them skin tights
You know what I mean
It's alright with me
Hold up
I know you got a man but I'm tore up
And I don't even care if he roll up
With something to say
You better tell him he don't want it with me
It's alright
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Good Lord you got body for days (Body for days)
I think the way that you shake it's amazing (Shake it's amazing)
I got my keys if you ready to leave (Ready to leave)
It's alright with me
Now check your man cuz he going insane (Insane)
He wanna know what the hell's my name (Hey!)
Well if he crazy 'nough to get in my face
It's alright with me
Alright
I see a little something that I like
You lookin' mighty fine in them skin tights
You know what I mean
It's alright with me
Hold up
I know you got a man but I'm tore up
And I don't even care if he roll up
With something to say
You better tell him he don't want it with me
It's alright
Now come on why don't you test me (Test me)
If you want me come and get me (Get me)
I'll show you who the best be (Best be)
It's alright with me overintellectualization
I'll watch you for a long time (Long time)
I swear you're looking alright (Alright)
Come closer if you like what you see
It's alright with me
Alright
I see a little something that I like
You lookin' mighty fine in them skin tights
You know what I mean
It's alright with me
Hold up
I know you got a man but I'm tore up
And I don't even care if he roll up
With something to say
You better tell him he don't want it with me
It's alright
It's alright yes it's alright
It's alright yes it's alright
It's alright yes it's alright
It's alright yes it's alright
It's alright yes it's alright
It's alright yes it's alright
All my niggas in the front say
All my bitches in the back say
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
She don't believe in shooting stars
But she believe in shoes and cars
Wood floors in the new apartment
Couture from the store's department
You more like "love to start shit"
I'm more of the trips to Florida
Ordered the hors d'oeuvres, views of the water
Straight from a page of your favorite author
And the weather so breezy
Man, why can't life always be this easy?
She in the mirror dancing so sleazy
I get a call like, "Where are you Yeezy?"
And try to hit you with the ol-wu-wopte
'til I got flashed by the paparazzi
Damn, these niggas got me
I hate these niggas more than a Nazi
As I recall I know you love to show off
But I never thought that you would take it this far
What do I know? (Flashing lights)
I know it's been a while sweetheart
We hardly talk, I was doing my thang
I know it was foul, baby
Aye babe, lately, you've been all on my brain
And if somebody woulda told me a month ago
Fronting though: yo, I wouldn't wanna know
If somebody woulda told me a year ago
It'll go get this difficult
Feeling like Katrina with no F.E.M.A
Like Martin with no Gina
Like a flight with no visa
First class with the seat back, I still see ya
In my past, you on the other side of the glass
Of my memory's museum
I'm just saying, hey Mona Lisa come home
You know you can't roam without Caesar
You know, I’m ‘sposed to talk about what some of these songs mean
And some of the stuff is so personal to me
And some of the things I’ve been through is so real
In the form that I’m ‘sposed to break down certain things
And this is one of the first times, because I feel like I’m placed in front of the audience right now
And uhm, certain things are just hard for me to talk about
And I’m sorry VH1 for that
But it uhm, certain things are too serious
And I stand before you, just a human being trying to improve under the microscope
Just the star of the Truman show
As every day I take as calculated
Every time I put on my shoes
Under the flashing lights
Just got an email today
A new book coming out
Doctor Adams: the Truth about Donda West
What the media doesn’t want you to know
And you know, now that my momma passed
Would she really want me to put myself in a situation where I go to jail?
FOR KILLING ‘EM
Under the flashing lights
And the public perception
Where I feel like I’m always in defense of myself
And I realize that I’ve made some mistakes, but I grow from them
It’s like I’m fighting to be me, but I have to leave the fight
‘Cause it helps everyone else be who they wanna be
That’s a story for your ass…
Man Mel, G
I gotta pour my heart out on this track you made
It just made me feel like I had to say something
Like what I'm going through right now
I'm Kanye-to-the and the Roc is in the building right now
Feel me on this
Oh, oh
Let me call some, call some girls that I know, know
I don't mean the bougie ones from before, 'fore
I need some girls that's really down to get low, low (to the wall)
Now if my man Benzino got a Benz and they call him Benzino
When I get my Bentley, they gon' call me Bentlino
A lot of shit changed since I hooked with Jay-Z, yo
For the tracks, charge around 800 C-notes
So glad I ain't take the job at Home Depot
Right now my car and home would be repo'd
I broke up with my girl today around 3-0
My man said, "Let's call some girls that we know"
Sometimes I wanna say, "Fuck my bitch"
But I don't want nobody to fuck my bitch
Even if a modelin' chick sucked my dick
It wouldn't make me not feel so sick
Just because, they came over to cheer me up
Smoked, drank, and yeah we fucked
But nothin' that they did could've been enough
Oh, oh
Let me call some, call some girls that I know, know
I don't mean the bougie ones from before, 'fore
I need some girls that's really down to get low, low (to the wall)
Oh, oh
I'ma need to take a hit of that dro
I'ma smoke l never smoked before
And bring some girls that's really down to get low (to the wall)
Now this weed, drank got me faded
That Malibu is so underrated
She mad at me, that's an understatement
I can just see your girlfriends hatin'
Girl, told you don't leave his ass
And when that nigga blow he gon' leave your ass
But when he get low, he gon' need your ass
If he cryin', callin', bawlin'
Y'all've been together too long for all this name callin'
Y'all'll be back together in a day or two
Yeah we be makin' up but when we makin' up
All we're makin' up is the truth
Damn, I know she love me, oh
But I'm in the Matrix and I'm feelin' I'm Neo
She could fight for my love like Aaliyah
Or write a four page letter like Aaliyah
But I'm a Gemini that's bossy like a Leo
And sometimes I don't know what side I'm on
I just know this Patrón got me gone
And I've done fucked up so bad that I can't go home
Oh, oh
Let me call some, call some girls that I know, know
I don't mean the bougie ones from before, 'fore
I need some girls that's really down to get low, low (to the wall)
Oh, oh
I'ma need to take a hit of that dro
I'ma smoke like l never smoked before
And bring some girls that's really down to get low (to the wall)


Ya
Everybody tellin’ me I should never think about it
(I’d rather somebody tell me I can’t be successful)
Sometimes, I just don’t really give a fuck
(Even though I can, ha)
(Where my fans at? That’s what they tell me)
Anyway, they don't know you like I do
(They know, they know)
They never know you
(Famous, one day)
Anyway, they don't know you like I do
(They know, that I'll be...)
They never know you


...
whenever someone mentions the word "fan" to me it's super manipulative. It's like "don't do or say this because of your fans" My fans are fans of themselves.
And any fan of me wants Ye to be Ye even when they don't agree because I represent the fact that they can be themselves even when people don't agree with them. Drops mic 🎤Yeezy shrug 🤷‍♂️
let's move in love not fear
Love is the most powerful force in the universe
Claudio Silverstein is a free thinker
Claudio will be awesome when me and Chance build new homes in Chicago
Obama was in office for eight years and nothing in Chicago changed.
can't wait to meet
caption this photo
2 of my favorite people
People looked at me differently and they knew I was with somebody. I didn't have to wait in the line at bakery on Sunday mornings anymore for fresh bread. The owner knew who I was with and he'd come from around the counter. No matter how many people were waiting, I was taken care of first. Our neighbors didn't park in our driveway anymore, even though we didn't have a car. I mean at 13, I was making more money than most of the grownups in the neighborhood. I mean I had more money than I could spend. I had it all!
I'm up in the woods
I'm down on my mind
I'm building a still
To slow down time
I'm lost in the world
I'm down on my line
I'm new in the city
And I'm down for the night
Down for the night
Said shes down for the night
I'm lost in the world
I'm down on my line
I'm new in the city
And I'm down for the night
Down for the night
Said shes down for the night
Look at my situation, I couldn’t ask for more
I’m the real Situation, I should be on Jersey Shore
Look what that kilo sent me, that Porsche is key less entry
That girl is high and drunk, I swear the rest is elementary
We found a superfreak, no, she won’t know what hit her
I’m on my Rick James, minus the beads and glitter
You’ve got to beg my pardon, this shit here is money talking
You don’t get good dick too often, I’mma have you funny walking
See that shit I pull up parking, make your neck snap the fuck off and
Damn, too late you lost it, back to that world you lost in
Back to that world you lost in
I'm up in the woods, I'm down on my mind
(Run from the lights, run from the night)
I'm new in the city, but I'm down for the night
(Run for your life, down for the night)
I'm lost in the world, been down my whole life
I'm new in the city, and I'm down for the night
Down for the night
Down for the night
Who will survive in America?
Who will survive in America?
Who will survive in America?
Who will survive in America?
I'm lost in the world, been down my whole life
I'm new in the city, and I'm down for the night
Down for the night
Down for the night
I'm lost in the world, been down my whole life
I'm new in the city, and I'm down for the night
Down for the night
Down for the night

Wake up, new day, same shit
Get dressed, gotta pay my rent
Little off for the money I spent
Next week 'til I get my check
And I don't even wanna work at this job
Matter fact I've been workin' too hard
Let's say I quit today
Come back, go postal tomorr'
This time I'ma take shit too far
I don't give a fuck who you are
When you broke they do you so wrong
When you blow they knew you was raw
Two strikes so you can't sell coke
Two kids so we can't stay broke
But the street life all we know
So you know one thing? I can't say no




I spit it
I spit it so you could feel it
You know what I'm saying
I'm saying I put my personality into it
These hoes is all the same
They all want a nigga hollering out "money ain't a thing"
'Bout pathetic as a player that lost his game
How a motherfuckin' hoe turn a pimp to a lame
See these sheets is like the street you gotta stay strapped up
Cause that's how these hoes'll get you wrapped up
Calling you later saying what she crying about
Put that bitch on now what she lying about
Talking about how she late and how she eat a lot
See she eat a lot cause she smoke weed a lot
Why all the bogus hoes want to front on k
Why the fine hoes can't have one on the way
I prolly tell her to keep it, it'll be our little secret
Boniquan now my shorty looking fine: Puerto Rican
As long as she don't flip it tell her man that we creepin'
What we doin' is all day
When I hang up it ain't called hate its called wait
When you get popped don't call me call Clay
That's your man ain't it
That's the plan ain't it
When she told me it was mine I damn near fainted
Let em put you on peep it though
I ain't even want to freak the hoe
Shit I just snapped the first time 'bout a week ago
Let em put you on peep it though
I ain't even want to freak the hoe
I just snapped the first time 'bout a week ago
Now these hoes run gun I ain't finna say nothing
She tried to pop my pockets before I even got paid
Don't trip, this bitch was a whip
You could learn something from her but you might get burned from her
We smoked a couple of dimes I hit it a couple of times
Now she say she pregnant and its mine
I'm thinking she was lying by the looks on her face
But she started paging me like every single day
She said her man going away the judge gave him three
Must've thought she was gon' make a fool out of me
To bail this nigga out all she need was a G
Now she must've came to me so I had to change the beat
I said look hoe you must be crazy off that dope
That's when I snatched the rope then I kicked her on the floor
And all that shit I bought you bitch I want it back
You lied to me return of the Mac
Let em put you on peep it though
I ain't even want to freak the hoe
I just snapped the first time 'bout a week ago
Let em put you on peep it though
I ain't even want to freak the hoe
I just snapped the first time 'bout a week ago
All y'all niggas is new with it
I paid my dues with it
Gave hoes abortion loot they bought shoes with it
Say they pregnant who's is it
Tell 'em you did it
Forcing these niggas out of abortion cheese
Paid a couple of hundred now or later more than G's
I knocked up this girl I barely liked cause she bugged me
She ain't even cute, our baby prolly by ugly
How much it cost to get rid of it? I give you half of that
But I didn't know that she was on the pill
Needed the money for her hair and her nails
And her cell phone bill
Hoes'll get you its like getting robbed without a pistol
What happen nine months later when she was telling the truth
Let em put you on peep it though
I ain't even want to freak the hoe
I just snapped the first time 'bout a week ago
Let em put you on peep it though
I ain't even want to freak the hoe
I just snapped the first time 'bout a week ago
Let em put you on peep it though
I ain't even want to freak the hoe
Shit I just snapped the first time 'bout a week ago

I chose not to be a slave
Dropped the Wave Runners, now we run the wave
Like we ain't have all the hood rats and mud rats
Like you ain't had 'em, good stats and all that
Nobody gon' ruin me
I just called my wife up, let's get Hoover free
I put all my ice up and my Louis V
I just copped my momma crib, I'm back over East
Let me get your ear like Holyfield
From the home of Soldier Field
Coming home, that’s how a soldier feels
All that killing over, that's just overkill
Yeezy back in the Chi, this that Oprah feel






See this in 3D
'Fore life start for me
'Fore life start for me
Thoughts and thoughts to me
80 degrees
Warmin' up to me
I did it free
I did know, indeed
And I run out to sea
I can walk on the water
Honey, I want you
I can't float on the bottom
Father, hold me close
Don't let me down
I know you won't
I chose not to be a slave
Dropped the Wave Runners, now we run the wave
Like we ain't have all the hood rats and mud rats
Like you ain't had 'em, good stats and all that
Nobody gon' ruin me
I just called my wife up, let's get Hoover free
I put all my ice up and my Louis V
I just copped my mom a crib, I'm back over East
Let me get your ear like Holyfield
From the home of Soldier Field
Coming home, that's how a soldier feels
All that killing over, that's just overkill
Yeezy back in the Chi, this that Oprah field
See this in 3D
'Fore life start for me
'Fore life start for me
Thoughts and thoughts to me
80 degrees
Warmin' up to me
I did it free
I did know, indeed
And I run out to sea
I can walk on the water
Honey, I want you
I can't float on the bottom
Father, hold me close
Don't let me down
I know you won't
How could you be so?
(In the night I hear them talk)
The coldest story ever told
(Somewhere far along this road)
He lost his soul
To a woman so heartless
(Heartless)
How could you be so
Cold as the winter wind when it breeze yo
Just remember that you talking to me yo
You need to watch the way you talking to me yo
I mean, after all the things that we been through
I mean, after all the things we got into
Ayyo, I know of some things that you ain't told me
Ayyo, I did some things but that's the old me
And now you wanna give me back and you gonna show me
So you walk around like you don't know me
You got a new friend
Well I got homies
But in the end it's still so lonely
In the night (I hear em talk)
The coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul
To a woman so heartless
Hey, heartless
How could you be so heartless?
How could you be so Dr. Evil?
You bringing out a side of me that I don't know
I decided we weren't gonna speak, so
Why we up 3 AM on the phone?
Why do she be so mad at me for?
Homie, I don't know she's hot and cold
I won't stop, won't mess my groove up
Cause I already know how this thing go
You run and tell your friends that you're leaving me
They say that they don't see what you see in me
You wait a couple of months, then you gon’ see
You'll never find nobody, never find nobody better than me
In the night I hear em talk (Nobody better than me)
The coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul
To a woman so heartless
Hey, heartless
How could you be so heartless?
Talk, and talk, and talk, and talk
Baby let's just knock it off
They don't know what we been through
They don't know about me and you
So I got something new to see
And you just gon’ keep hating me
And we just gon’ be enemies
I know you can't believe
I could just leave it wrong
And you can't make it right
I'm gon’ take off tonight into the night
In the night I hear them talk
The coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul
To a woman so heartless
How could you be so heartless?
How could you be so heartless?
How could you be so heartless?
How could you be so heartless?
How could you be so heartless?
How could you be so?
How could you be so?
In the night I hear them talk
The coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul
To a woman so, a woman so…
There is no Gucci I can buy
There is no Louis Vuitton to put on
There is no Y.S.L. that they could sell
To take my mind out of this hell
Or my heart out of this jail
There are no clothes that I could buy
That could turn, back in time
There is no vacation spot I could fly
That could turn back, a piece of real life
Real life, I ask you tonight
What does it feel like?
What does it feel like, I ask you tonight
What does it feel like?
To live a real life
I just wanna be a real boy
Pinocchio's story goes, to be a real boy
People say, you keep it too real boy
Pinocchio's story goes, to be a real boy
With a woman so heartless
So heartless
Is it my fault that I make you heartless?
Maybe I made you heartless, but regardless
That don’t give you the reason to act retarded
Yeah we fall, but you started
You started
No, no, no, nobody knows
Nobody knows
Did it have to go that far?
Did we have to take it that far?
You say things some time that you just can’t take back
Take back, take back
You’re gonna hit me one day, so take that, so take that
And that’s something you just can’t take back
Take back, take back
Never do nothing you can’t take back, take back
Does this hurtful comment have a receipt?
Does this staggering piece of truth
That was never told, have an expiration date?
Or can I take that back?
Take that back
And I guess it’s in the nighttime, I hear ‘em talk, talk
The coldest story ever told, the coldest story ever told
The coldest story ever told, the coldest story ever told
Ever told, never told
When I say the coldest story I mean the voices in my head
When I lay down in my bed, the voices in my head
When another woman is beside me in my bed
In the night I hear ‘em talk
Coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul
To a woman so heartless
How could you be so heartless?
Did I make you be heartless?
Did I make you be heartless?
50, look at me now
Singing on the ground
With my pink shirt on
Does this look gay to you?
Well, I don’t know what else to say to you
Look at me now
I’m on the ground
And my heart can still not be found
‘Cause I’ve looked all around
And my heart will never be found
I looked all around
And my heart’s nowhere to be found
Where is my heart right now?
With a woman so heartless
How could you be so?
How could you be so heartless?
How could you be so?
In the night I hear ‘em talk
Coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road
I lost my soul
To somebody so heartless
How could you be so heartless?
How could you be so heartless?
Yo Jin! We good wit this one, yeah

I got a love that's better than you ever was
You've never been no good for me
I guess I was just way too hood for you to be with
I got a love that's better than you ever was
You've never been no good for me
I guess I was just way too hood for you to be with

I got a love that's better than you ever was
You've never been no good for me
I guess I was just way too hood for you to be with
I got a love that's better than you ever was
You've never been no good for me
I guess I was just way too hood for you to be with

I got a love that's better than you ever was
You've never been no good for me
I guess I was just way too hood for you to be with
I got a love that's better than you ever was
You've never been no good for me
I guess I was just way too hood for you to be with

We all know Kanye is Mr. Louis Vuitton
But if I see a L and a V, I'd think that it's on
That's what my old chick used to clash with me
(Jin, why'd you get this fake Louis bag for me)
Actually, you should be happy I purchased that
I take this as a sign, you don't want the matching hat
Huh, I'm too gutter, you more Parkay with yours
I'm more I can't believe it's not butter
What the - other - suckas do for love is a damn shame
I got a new significant other cause plans change
I got a love that's better than you ever was
You've never been no good for me
I guess I was just way too hood for you to be with
I got a love that's better than you ever was
You've never been no good for me
I guess I was just way too hood for you to be with
What y'all wanna do tonight?
Provide a new coffin
You don't see murder like this this often
Y'all don't see poppin' numbers up on them often
When the sky on us somethin' now break through
Somethin' now pump fump-uh take two
Pots enough and a muhf'er make you
Can't I muh-nuh somethin' I can't do
God level
God level
God level
Don't be afraid
Our father, pumpin' up but don't bother
Pumped up, can't but be bothered
Dump a somethin' but seek knowledge, uh
Might as well make a new casket
Hold up in this though for, for, for the bastard
Way somethin' happenin' than foster what we happen
Lock us on, it happen in those, nah, nuhmp
When the sky break down in there more than they do
Somethin' and somethin' that do like they do
Crump on and up on the niggas that take two
'Cept for the don and the tons that came true
God level
God level
God level
If you could take that moment and live it
And own it, improve it
Left on it, I know it
Don't tell no one
What y'all wanna do tonight?
Ohh, take that ride and get on it
I know you're too excited
Girl, come on, come on
First and off, in and all, bands up top
Don't stop now
Won't stop now, ohh, in my
If you feel like it, if you feel like it
Might as well if you feel like it
Pop it from the night and day
Up in the Bent' or pop it
Somethin' you and I and, yeah
Make it all done-done a mile away, it don't matter
Uh, you see sharks in the water
They ain't tryna do nothin' but put cocks in your daughter
Don't say nothin' 'bout what 'Ye said
Don't move, motherfucker, play dead
Too cool, motherfucker, we there
Yeah, we cool, motherfucker, yeah-yeah
Yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah
God level
What y'all wanna do tonight?
You're alone all the time
Does it ever puzzle you? Have you asked why?
Oh, baby, why fall in love and out again?
Do you really ever love or just pretend, oh, baby?
Or just pretend, oh, baby
Or just pretend, oh, baby
Why, you're alone all the time
Does it ever puzzle you? Have you asked why?
Oh, baby, why fall in love and out again?
Do you really ever love, ever love, ev-ever love?
Do you really ever love, ever love, or just pretend
Oh, baby
My world came to an end
And then you came back
I think you brought it back together
Now I know
There is no (there is no)
Way (there's no there is no way)
That I can go on without you baby
Yeah, history in the makin, Do or Die
Yeah, yeah, uh, uh, uh
Me and Do or Die got maneuvers
Cold pimp tactics all in one package
Hollerin' at a chick that could of been a actress
Right now her back is layin' on my mattress
Why your team pissed like urine
Only rock things made for a king
Tell me tell me it was the LV
Bigger that the jeans of the
Rap floor green
That's how I gotcha
So I you want a role model to call like Patra
Quit hollerin' at them losers
And get with this shit that
Got his own business an entrepreneur
Off the block now
Shit got the pipe down
Industry niggas I just got bomb
Track from Kanye West pass the bomb aye
Kick the doors down like Desert Storm
Where's the millions
I'm the chameleon
Transformatin', rock a show like God
Drivin' for status
Big my apparatus
You gotta now I'm getting all that dough
Hotter than your shit
Bullshit, got a full clip
Think I'm a punk then get your back broke slow
I'm the shiznick down to my diznick
Lyrics so hot enough for frozen snow
Feel of the bomb again and get fucked the he say she say
He say she say I ain't gon make it
The throne is my mine
Chi-town where's the crown
From the days of Capone, nigga
You know we gon take it
I wanna vint Vivian and own my own block
Print my check like Johnny Walker Scott
Damn if you do or you don't you move over
Save some room for the black Casanova
Ladies and gentlemen. You is tunin' in to Do Or Die (thank you) Kanye West
Chi-town finest. World clap your hands for us one time
It's the world premiere, You don't understand though
Man we got the plan. We gon put it in your hands like this
It ain't nothing happenin'. You know what I'm sayin'?
We make it happen. Bullshit ain't nothing Joe. Chi-town finest
You know how it go. Come on. Come on
Uh, come on, come on
This the last time you see my like this here stuntin'
16,5 & 3 ain't that somethin'?
As long as we makin the paper the hoes comin'
Suppose I get behind the mic and flow somethin'
Kanye show the chain ladies expose something
With a hummer H2 with the Benz there's no frontin'
With some ice you can skate on
Now I got no weight on
It's gettin to the point when the ballas try hate on
Proticops I stayed on
And made a lot of hot songs
Do you think I'm a P.I.M.P
In a SL5 Halle Berry colors scoop me
Groupies and Gucci you know you can't exclude me
Ladies get around be like "He's so cool G"
No I'm not booshie just Eric and Young Stoopie
The black Hugh Heffner
Tell me tell me Lord can you hear me?
Sometimes I walk these streets and get weary
Most of the times I can't let these niggas get near me
With this hatred, jealousy, and envy
I went to church and they said you had a remedy
A remedy to set me free and take away my enemies
So I pray to the day when I get to see
All the faces that put me down up in the industry
So from the street to the club
It's ya boy show me love
We gotta keep it gangstas that's how we gettin love
Never fall for the love of the dough
Stay true, straight to the facts and the game to show
Sample




When I finally get my first real money
Fuck keepin' it real, I'm gonna act real funny
Why? Cause these dudes try to Sanford and Son me
I, sit there and act like a big dummy
When, A&R's saw what they could get from me
I just do what B.I.G. said, go ahead get money
Had to humble myself just to play these beats
One of my side Geminis just reminded me
About, the two ways how you bein' your contact
They laugh for two days when they heard that Kan' rap
Cocky ass rappers ain't need no contracts
Now they fell off and they need a contract
Ha, it's funny how I got what I got
And I ain't never seen it get quite beyond that
Got a chip that won't quit, a grudge that won't budge
These niggas give you pounds and go in for a hug
Naw homie hold up
Naw dude slow up
Y'all ain't never show love
You ain't never know us
No nigga, no sir
Uh, I gotta bounce here comes my chauffeur

Since we made that money boy
They say don't you forget 'em
Since we made that money boy
They say don't you forget 'em
Since we made that money boy
They say don't you forget 'em
Since we made that money boy
They say don't you forget 'em
Don't forget 'em, don't don't forget 'em
Don't forget 'em, don't don't forget 'em
Don't forget 'em, don't don't forget 'em
Don't forget 'em, don't don't forget 'em
Yo Monica, I know you shootin' that video in there
Aw, you just ain't gon' let me in the video, huh?
No no, i-it's me, Kanye West (It's funny how the tables turn)
You know, th-throw your diamonds up? Through the wire? (turn)
You ain't seen my video, heh? (turn, turn)
You know, I- like me and Missy we did this song
Together whatever
Um, okay, well
I can't keep knockin' and keep rockin' and keep poppin'
I keep droppin' and keep poppin' and keep rockin'
But I can't keep knockin' and keep knockin'
And keep poppin' and keep rockin'
Let's get it poppin'
So upset
This that hot shit
Uh huh, yeah
New Monica!
Now you ain't let me in the video (true)
Play me like Semi did Arsenio (true)
I'm Kanye from the Chi city yo (who?)
I'm the nigga that did the beat yo
You know we too old for this like Holyfield still boxin'
Ya will watch and I look back, ya still watchin'
What he got that I ain't got? I got Benz
I got rims, not 20s but I got 10s
Real real clean, come and get your rear wheel cleaned
She did what with who? Man I hear things
Like when I was doin' my dirt and she heard things
Up worryin' while she wore her ring
Now she got a fling and where's her ring?
Somebody buyin' the bar, quenchin' her thirst now
Somebody bought her a dress, she in the church now
And what's worse now, she ain' gotta work now
She cuffed an NBA player from the first round
I grabbed her neck and made it hurt to breathe
She said "Security, this jerk could leave"
And uh

Knock knock knock, stop knocking
Don't come knocking at my do'
(Don't you come knockin' at, whoa)
Ring ring ring, let the phone stop
I don't want you calling me no mo'
Yo this the remix, and I'm Kon the Louis Vuitton Don
Or you can call me Louis XIV
By the way cause I dropped out of the fourteenth grade

Now you say I'm not your wife, right right (you like wifey)
So why should I be chillin'? goodnight goodnight (oh)
Now pack up my things for a flight (ok)
I got a place and it's fixed up nice
So don't come knocking at my do' (aw man)
I got company comin 'round fo'
So whoa whoa, haha, yeah
I don't want you callin' me no mo'
Knock, knock, knock, stop knocking (yeah)
Don't come knocking at my door
And I can't keep knockin' and keep rockin'
Let's get it poppin' and that's stoppin'
Ring ring ring, let the phone stop
I don't want you calling me no mo'
What up Really Doe, I see you
You see I already got GLC up outta there
Aw we finna blow man
You know we got the game on smash
John Monopoly, Don C
Plain Pat what up?
Yeah, you know I got that boogie
And Jay boogie well
Yeah, what up Roc?
What up Tiffany, I see you








There's only one girl on my agenda
(You talking bout Brenda?)
Naw I'm talking bout Linda, from last September
Now Linda love lace like Linda Lovelace
LaFace says she like Mase but she love 'Face
And I know that Linda was a hip-hop-head
And I know that Linda gave Hip-Hop head
But I feel I could convert her
Cuz I ain't here to hurt her mayn
And she was messin wit me when I was still at Burger King
She ain't hop in my bed cuz of the whips and cream
Cuz when I had her in bed I had whip cream
Shakespearian midsummer night dream
I unzip things and pull out big things
They was flashin gr-green, she was like "ch-ching"
Got em, but she know a rreeal nigga when she, spot him
So now she's pickin' dresses from Vera Wang
Scratchin out her maiden and here's my name
Now I'm sittin at the bar wit all my guys
They sayin "Cheers to you for your future years of pain"
Like "Dog you ready to give all this shit up?
The summer's on its way and these hoes doin sit-ups
And when they see the way the G5 lights lit up
You're gonna wanna have two like John Ritter"
But naww, I bought her a brand new BM
He said "Dog, slow down like Brand Nubian now"
I just feel the need to purge my soul from the work load
Couldn't watch another nigga get burnt slow
She said her man was busy, always bored her with work load
Never takes her out and falls asleep in his work clothes
She needs some excitement, which leads to this indictment
Believe what you like kid, according to her
When we recorded with her, Linda changed her name to Nicky
Sang along to Darlin Nicky, co-star of my quickies
That foot is so pretty, but I'm sure you recognize
That bra holds titties, those are her titties
Solar's so pretty, but not to rub it in
But that white Russian did make her lonely like the wind
So the over right that's in, on the over night depends
If you take heed the game, and please keep ya name, word
'Cause she's just a playa playa
That's playin' games wit' me
I can't see myself getting out the game, no time soon
Ooooh, as I continue as I, Ooooh, as I continue as I
Oooh, Oooh
Can't see myself getting out the game, no time soon
Ooooh, as I continue as I, Ooooh, as I continue as I
Oooh, Oooh
Satan, we're gonna tear your kingdom down (Ooh-ooh)
Oh, Lord (Satan, we're gonna tear your kingdom down)
Oh, you've been (Building your kingdom)
All over (All over this land), and that's all right
Satan, hey (Satan, we're gonna tear your kingdom down), yeah
The mothers are gonna pray your kingdom down (Ooh-ooh)
Any mothers out there, prayin'? I heard the mothers
Mothers are gonna pray your kingdom down (Pray your kingdom down)
Yeah, you've been (Building your kingdom), hey, all over
All over this land (And see, that's alright)
'Cause Satan, hey (Satan, we're gonna tear your kingdom down) down
One more thing I heard
See, I heard the preachers are gonna preach your kingdom down (Ooh-ooh)
Oh, Lord, the preachers
Preachers, they're gonna preach your kingdom down (Oh, they're gonna call the preachers)
Yeah, yeah, you've been (Building your kingdom), hey, yeah, ohh
All over this land (And, see, that's all right)
Satan, yeah (Satan, we're gonna tear your kingdom down)
We're gonna tear it down, hmm
See Satan, we're gonna tear your kingdom down (Ooh-ooh)
This is your last one, Satan
Satan (Satan, we're gonna tear your kingdom down), we're gonna, we're gonna, yeah, yeah
You've been (Building your kingdom)
Yeah, yeah, all over (All over this land), hey, that's alright, that's alright
Satan, we're gonna tear your kingdom down (Satan, tear your, we're gonna tear it down, yeah, hey, yeah, yeah)
Satan, we're gonna tear your kingdom down (Satan, we're gonna tear it down, tear it down, tear it down, tear it down)
Satan, we're gonna tear your kingdom down (Tear, hey, we're not here to play with you, not here to play with you)
Satan, we're gonna tear your kingdom down (Satan, tear your kingdom down, yeah, yeah)




Nobody ever really loved loved loved loved
Me me me me me me me me…
She say she gotta do her nails and condition her hair
Find a pair of shoes and a fittin’ brasier
Slick shorty describe her description it’s fair
But say no other chick in this world can compare
And no other nigga got permission to stare
I say I never listen
Never mention I care
When they gone I never miss em
Never diss em a tear
Cause other women to fill that position is there
It’s the same game just a different affair
Different dame, different name, different distance from here
She say well things gon change
Now her mission is clear
Let her get off the phone and get off to homes
She knock on the door
It's business from there
Start strippin' her gear and switchin’ her rear
I'm not flinchin'
Cartier on my vision impaired
And enough ice
To condition the air
Now the boy got game and the girl got hurt
The boy got brains and the girl got worth
Cause the boy got fame
Do whatever he say
Now the boy get paged like every other day
Nobody ever really loved me
It's just the birds and the bees
The her's and the he's
The his the ma’ams
The sirs and the she's
C’mon, c’mon
And u know this man
And if somebody ever loved me
She say she gotta get him dressed and hit him with rules
Feed ‘em breakfast and send ‘em to school
She say she need a rest her mind she finna lose
I tell her recline ke’ and just keep cool
She sick to her area her she fixin' to move
In physical fitness her own business
Can I get a witness, this chick is a jewel
And she tired of the things that I’m sendin’ her through
She say when I’m gon see you
And don’t say whenever, you
Know I won't leave you
But won't wait forever and
Got my own paper
And don’t take your cheddar
And no I'm not finished
I won't take the check
And I say chill you my winner from the door so
Step for set and dinner and a show
She say I be wearin' blue in the worst way
Don’t wear your chain, just the watch I bought for your birthday
Boy on the town and older woman down cause
Boy make her laugh when older woman sad
And older woman freak and he hold her ‘til she sleep
And he gotta send her flowers like every other week
She say she get off work at a quarter to nine
So don’t be late stop ignoring the time
Unless you got something more important in mind
Like wildin' wit them whores I’m filin' for divorce
I’ll see yo ass in court just send me child support she
Wanna get married and child wanna carry
My child, her smile, my ears in her belly
She even got Fias-wife typed in her cellie
She been there from the start she there from the heart
From the walk, to the bike, to the bus, to the cars
The flights and the kites the lonely lonely nights
From please leave on the lights when she was scared of the dark
And she got the pin if I ever hit the pen
I gotcha baby say I’ve got her crazy
Ever since that party at the Rex
I locked down her heart in cardiac arrest
Now the boy got a wifey and the wifey wanna ring
Cause she wanna be his wife
But the boy had it right
That you just ain’t ready
It's too early in your life
But whatever the weather that boy will have her ever
I'm gonna have a sweet life, sweetest life you've ever seen
And when the day is over, gonna go to sleep and I feel the greed
Momma can you hear me?
I'm pushin a Cadillac man, it's black man
And I'm a black man, in a Cadillac man, see what I'm saying is?
Ain't no diamonds in the back, diamonds on my neck
D-Diamonds on my neck, D-Diamonds on my neck
I'm so fresh, so clean, edge sharper than a ginsu
Look at the soul of my Air 1's, see what I been through
Been through the struggle and drove through the fire
Kanye on the track, that nigga spittin' through the wire
I spit that pain rap, every chorus need a choir
Like feinds need suppliers, like Daytons to the wires
I'm rollin', rollin'
Turn my music up and keep rollin', rollin'..
Man, we just rollin', rollin'
Turn the music up, we just rollin', rollin'
Let the windows down and keep rollin', rollin'
Man, we just rollin', rollin'
Picture me rollin', rollin'
System on blast, just rollin', rollin'
Foot on the gas, we just rollin', rollin'
Man, we just rollin', rollin'
I got my back on the wall like a hustler
Smokin' like a muffler, waiting for the customers
I got that that weight, that they push up state for
Feinds can't wait for, enemies hate for
Me to make that cake or drive through the state for
P-H-X, A-Z is what I came for
Rock my chain for, hooked up with Game for
Headed to the booth, shotgun in the Range for
I could make change more, and my shit bang more
Bitches screamin' my name when I open them Range doors
When my ribs was touchin', ain't nobody know 'em
So tell them niggas, picture me rollin'
Man, we just rollin', rollin'
Turn the music up, we just rollin', rollin'
Let the windows down and keep rollin', rollin'
Man, we just rollin', rollin'
Picture me rollin', rollin'
System on blast, just rollin', rollin'
Foot on the gas, we just rollin', rollin'
Man, we just rollin', rollin'
Homie I'm just rollin', rollin', thinkin' 'bout the past
They said I would never last, so even if you trashed
Keep rollin', rollin', and I got a stashspot
Niggas is killin' so my stashspot, got a stashspot
Roll up the window, roll up the endo
Blow it out the sunroof, share it with my kinfolk
My niggas in the grave, my niggas behind bars
Man, there's too many of ya'll, but ya'll know who you are
Gangbangers in the hood, and they shootin' like stars
And the gangbangers I know don't wear shoes with the stars
They tie bandanas, and they shootin' out cars
So I had to turn it around, and start shootin' out bars
Man, we just rollin', rollin'
Turn the music up, we just rollin', rollin'
Let the windows down and keep rollin', rollin'
Man, we just rollin', rollin'
Picture me rollin', rollin'
System on blast, just rollin', rollin'
Foot on the gas, we just rollin', rollin'
Man, we just rollin', rollin'
Yeah, it's a Blackwall Street recording
We got the Juice now niggas
Haha, gone

They like Pablo why are all the windows tinted on your Tahoe?
Why do you know every single bitch that I know?
Why can't you just shut your mouth and take the high road?
Fuck if I know, that's that Chicago, (aye)
South, south, side, that's the motto, (aye)
Cop a crib and spend ten million on remodel
Take the devils out my life and preach the gospel, cause I know
We went way, way past the line of scrimmage, aye
Throne is back up in it, aye
In the field like Emmitt, aye, y'all get so offended, aye
I be blacking out, I ain't backing out
Jay about his business, and I'mma let you finish but I
I just, I just, I just, I just wanna rock your body
Take you to the garage and do some karate
Chop it, chop it, chop it, chop it sipping sake
Throw a thick bitch on a Kawasaki
(Perfect)
Nigga guess who's bizzack
It's not Beanie Sieg' or Jay-Hov'
50 Cent, y'all niggas should know
Don't make me relapse
Run up on your ass with the fo'
You punk nigga I done told you before
Fuck being in a cage, man that shits for the birds
I do my dirt in the hood, but I live in the burbs
When you talk be careful how you choose your words
'Cause I send niggas to put ya fuckin brains on the curb
Am I my brother's keeper? Yes I am
Nigga you know they gettin low you see that gun in my hand
G-Unit, don't go fuckin with my soldiers, boy
Get laid out, im'a say I told you boy
See you rollin with 20 niggas, we rolling with 20 guns
16 hollows is loaded in every one
I know you slow, so
I do the math thats 320 shells flyin at your ass (ha)
You spend a lot of time talkin about how you ball out
When u get hit you gonna run and bleed till u fall down
I guess you didn't think we was down to go all out
One second, you was wrong
You ain't on the shit we on
My money getting long
Now my team getting strong
I'm gone
Gone
50 Cent
And I'm back to act up so strap up
Funk Flex
Kingpin style
Ya heard me
C'mon, c'mon
Make me cut something
Make me bust something
C'mon, c'mon
I want you to
C'mon















I'm just jokin', I told her when I'm in town I'll call her
I don't see her much, she done found herself a baller
Good for ya, I was no good for ya
You deserve somebody like that, I'm way too hood for ya
And every other girl that Bump might've ran
They got a mixed signal, thinkin' I'ma be they man
It ain't over, I probably am
Just as long as you understand that you can't


Lock me up (Lock me up)
Tie me down (Tie me down)
Let it go (Let it go)
Where we met, I had to give her her respect
She was with her man, he took a drag from her cigarette
He told her he'll be back
He jumped in the meter cab, just took her cell and told her where to meet him at
Now she was mad, And I was looking for my car
She had some plastic bags, coming from the supermarket
Cooking for his ass..how she gone get to the projects?
She ain’t got no cash, and she struggling while walking
So I drive past, "Yo" I say "I ain’t no stalker wit yo big ole ass
Here’s my help I’m tryna offer, I give you a lift"
Who woulda knew it turn to this? Now we in the mix
Baby moved up in my crib and she left my ex, damn we speedin
('Now girl, you mean the world to me' repeats)
I’m a king, you the queen
His and her 6’s and diamond rings
You don’t have to look back at him
Just get your bags packed and then..
A new life soon begins
Like I told you when I’m in, I’m in
Baby girl had a son
He was 3, yea I took him in
Now she call him little me, I even look like him
Naw, I mean he look like me, a couple shades darker
She be calling him Blackie..that’s cause his real father jet black
So she treat him like it’s a setback..
I don’t respect that
Now his pops calling collect at the new crib on the new number
Now how he get that?
See, now I knew we was a mismatch
I’m laid back, you too used to getting pimp smacked
I see where I went wrong at
I just tried to bring out the queen in you..
But when you make a girl leave a man..
You never really know where she stand..
How you know she really yours?
Somebody could do the same to you..!
Well, I'm a make a lot of money
(Make a lot of money)
And I'm-and I'm gonna quit this, quit this
(Quit this)
Crazy scene
Well I'm a quit this crazy scene
Cause being famous ain't all what they make it to be
But back then y'all this was my favorite dream
But now, I wouldn't hesitate I would leave
Cause I'mma
I'm a quit this crazy scene
Cause everything you see ain't really how it be
Please don't believe in that TV screen
I'm sorry kids but there's no such thing
I'm gonna
Well I'm gonna quit this crazy scene
It's funny
Cause this is what I waited to be
Bein' on stage was amazin' to me
But now I'm in the game, it ain't the way that it seems
I'mma
And I don't know how to feel
When this
Dream of mine used to be so real
I would anything just to sign a deal
But now I trade it all for a home cooked meal
I wanna
Oh, what?
You say it could be worse?
Well step in my shoes, put yourself in my shirt
I'm only human y'all so we all gotta work
But sometimes I wonder why I even came to this earth
I'mma
Look
Cause they don't care about us
They just use us up
Leave us in the dust
And it roughs me up
So much I could cuss
But
Enough's enough
I want out of these cuffs
I'm gonna
Sometimes I just feel hopeless
Pacin' back and forth, man I can't even focus
So I'm always smokin' in the booth recordin'
Cause my mind races
Like Jeff Gordon
I'mma
It ain't supposed to be so hard
I always said I'd quit if it felt like a job
I'd rather be pissed than pretend that I'm not
And try to play along with the whole facade
I wanna
It ain't a question to me
Look at me
I know what I'm destined to be
This is spiritual y'all
I'm wrestlin' beasts
But pretty soon
I'll be restin' in peace
I'mma
And I don't even wanna be famous
And all my close friends become complete strangers
Don't try to tell me this is one of these stages
Man you don't know me, you only know what my name is
I'mma
But still it just ain't enough
Cause the rest of the world still just wakin' up
So all the real niggas can relate to this stuff
But those who asleep, still hatin' on us
Cause I'mma
It couldn't be more fake
When they wine and they dine and they smile and wave
But when it comes time to decide your fate
They'll sign you on the line right next to Satan
I'mma
Come y'all, y'all actin' like I can't feel you
I can look in your eyes and tell you what you done been through
And I could give a fuck because I got bigger issues
So at this point in my life
How can I get through?
Okay
Yeah, I'll play yo game
I'm in
I'll dance, I'll rap, I'll sing
And use it as a chance to provide some change
Just know I'll walk away at the end of the day
Right when I
Look
This is my stress reliever
But somehow, it became my stress for demons
So I get up in this booth and I'm heated
Like 'Ye said
I'm turnin' atheists into believers
I'm
Look
A lot of haters attack but
It's my job to speak the truth on the track
So say what you like, you just givin' me gas
So by now, I got enough to drive to Venus and back
So I'mma
Fuck the money I'm leavin'
I'm goin' back home after I break even
I said what I said so as long as I'm speakin'
B.o.B got the upper hand as long as I'm breathin'
Well I guess I got problems
Dropped outta school ain't think about college
So apologies to my mother and father
For being stubborn ever since I was a toddler
Well I'm a quit this crazy dream
Cause when I hit the stage all the ladies scream
And when I pass by they all waving at me
But I be getting tired, y'all pray for me
Not enough time in one lifetime
To love you like you deserve
Not enough time in one lifetime
To love you like you deserve
Not a minute more
Not a second more
Not infinite though
Watchu waitin for?
Never nah, no, say
Takin off time
Takin off day
Whatchu fightin for?
When yo booty flow
Who that known it though
Whatchu waitin for?
If you runnin from love
You love her like that
You runnin' from nuns
She running right back
Because it's
And I'm on a road
And I'm backin? No
To love you no more
To look back and forth
Till you got it from the
You got it what what
Baba ba ba baa
One a 44
Till I'm on the road
Till you (?) know
I know we would know
Till a (?)
I'm backin' on up
I'm makin mine
Till I cannot stop in the night
Oh oh yeah
Oh yeah
Throw your hands up
Uh, (?) throw your hands up
And keep em up now
And keep em up high
No no no
Baby no
And we ain't goin' down baby
Oh no no
No, we ain't goin' down
You gotta keep em up high, high
And we ain't going down baby
Walla boom mena
I've been on that money
Days of the (?)
Money done side
Paper lined up all fallin'
And they linin club poppin'
And they down to throw
I'm just zonin'
Eh... nah
Actin' like purple salt
I've been on that rhyme till I get it now
Puffin up
Making money
Grindin paper
Make it witch you
Welcome to Jay Z's poetry reading
Halt, who goes there?
Do this, do this {*does poetry snaps, audience follows*}
It was the winter
It was cold
It was the cold winter
Welcome ladies and gentleman once again
As if we never left
It's MTV Unplugged
I'll be your host this evening
I go by a couple of names
People call me a lot of names, couple to my face you know
Sometimes they call me Jay Z
Sometimes they call me Jigga
Sometimes they call me Young Hov
Iceberg, tonight I'm
(H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A)
You gotta love that
(H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A)
I got the most incredible Roots band with me tonight y'all
(H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A)
It's a beautiful thing
Welcome everybody to the 8th Wonder of the world
(H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A)
The flow of the century
Always timeless
(H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A)
Hov
We gonna thank everybody for coming out
(H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A)
You could've been anywhere in the world, you're here with me
I appreciate that
Let's rock
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
For shizzle my nizzle used to dribble down in VA
Was herbin' em in the home of the Terrapins, got it dirt cheap for them
Plus if they was short with cheese I would work with them
I Brought in weed, got rid of that dirt for them
Wasn't born hustlers, I was birthing 'em
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
For sheezy my neezy keep my arms so breezy
Can't leave rap alone, the game needs me
Haters want me clap that chrome, it ain't easy
Cops want to knock me, D.A. wants to box me in
But somehow I beat them charges like Rocky
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
Still not guilty, he who does not feel me
Is not real to me, therefore he doesn't exist
So poof! (Vamoose, son of a bitch!)
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
For shizzle my nizzle used to dribble down in VA
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
That's the anthem, get'cha damn hands up!
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
Still not guilty y'all got to feel me
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
That's the anthem, get'cha damn hands up!
I do this for my culture
To let them know what ya boy look like when ya boy in that Roadster
Show them how to move in a room full of vultures
Industry is shady, it needs to be taken over
Label owners hate me, I'm raising the status quo up
I'm overcharging labels for what they did to the Cold Crush
Pay us like you owe us for all the years that you hoed us
We can talk, but money talks, so talk more bucks
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
For shizzle my nizzle used to dribble down in VA
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
That's the anthem, get'cha damn hands up!
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
For shizzle my nizzle used to dribble down in VA
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
That's the anthem, get'cha damn hands up!
Hov is back, life stories told through rap
They acting like I sold you crack
Like I told you sell drugs; no, Hov did that
So hopefully you won't have to go through that
I was raised in the projects, roaches and rats
Smokers out back selling their mama's sofa
Lookouts on the corner focused on the ave
Ladies in the window, focused on the kinfolk
Me under a lamppost, why I got my hand closed?
That's in my palm, watching the long arm of the law
So you know I seen it all before
I've seen Hoop Dreams deflate like a true fiend's weight
To try and to fail: the two things I hate
Succeed in this rap game: the two things that's great
H O V A
(What else can I say about dude? I gets bu-sy)
Yeah!
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
For shizzle my nizzle used to dribble down in VA
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
That's the anthem, get'cha damn hands up!
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
For shizzle my nizzle used to dribble down in VA
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
That's the anthem, get'cha damn hands up!
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
For shizzle my nizzle used to dribble down in VA
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
That's the anthem, get'cha damn hands up!
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
For shizzle my nizzle used to dribble down in VA
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
Fo sheezy my neezy keep my arms so greasy
It's amazing, I'm the reason
Everybody fired up this evening
I'm exhausted, barely breathing
Holding on to what I believe in
No matter what, you'll never take that from me
My reign is as far as your eyes can see
It's amazing, so amazing, so amazing, so amazing (x2)
It's amazing
I'm a monster, I'm a killer
I know I'm wrong
I'm a problem
That'll never ever be solved
I'm a monster, I'm a maven
I know this world is changing
Never gave up, never gave in
I'm the only thing I'm afraid of
So amazing, so amazing, so amazing
No matter what, you’ll never take that from me
My reign is as far…
Bring it back down though
It's amazing, I'm the reason
Everybody fired up this evening
I'm exhausted, barely breathing
Holding on to what I believe in
No matter what, you'll never take that from me
Never take that from me
No take it back down, take it back, keep going
It feels like you're on trial sometimes
And in a relationship, you can also be on trial
And be convicted with no jury
And this song was sort of like that moment where someone tells you ain't, you ain’t - you gotta say I am - an emancipation, if you will
Cause you can't take that from me
My self-esteem
So whether it something in your own home, or a situation like mine
Where you're under the microscope of the media
Never let them take that from you
I never let them, let them take that from me
You have to be amazing sometimes
I and I know I do not always state popular opinion
Amazing, Michael Jackson, amazing
Michael Phelps, amazing
OJ Simpson, amazing
Is he not?!
What he did when he did what he did, was he not amazing though?
I think I saw in a movie - I get my quotes from movies cause I don't read
Or from like, go figure, real life or something
Like live real live, talk to real people, get information, ask people, questions
And it was something about, you either die a superhero or you live to become the villain
I'M CHILLIN'
*Kanye chicken noise*
I'm chillin'
So many times they try to make me out to be the villain
I don't understand what I did
I apologize for acting like a bitch at award-shows
It's an award-show, didn't kill anyone
But yet and still I apologize for my ungraciousness
I was a spoiled little Chicago-boy, who got all these awards as he came in the door and people clapped and sang his praises
And he soaked it all up and believed his own hype
To the point where he could not lose
And if anyone didn't pick him, they could not choose
As he swooves with the who's-who's and broke all the rules
And even lost his cool
Hey, nothing new
Now they don't like you, hey they don't like you
Look at what you've done boy, trying to be the number one boy
And I'm thirty-one years now and I've leaned from my mistakes
Just play pianos...
Super-hero music, pain
This hardcore, so hardcore
That's why I sing:
I'm a monster, I'm maven
I know this world is changing
Never gave up, never gave in
I'm the only thing I'm afraid of
No matter what, you'll never take that from me
My reign is as far as your eyes can see
It's amazing
I'm tryna keep my faith
We on an ultralight beam
We on an ultralight beam
This is a God's dream
This is a God's dream
This is everything
This is everything
Deliver us serenity
Deliver us peace
Deliver us loving
You know we need it
You know we need it
You know we need it
You know I need it
That's why we need you now, oh
Pray for Paris
Pray for the parents
This is a God's dream
This is a God's dream
This is a God's dream
We on an ultralight beam
We on an ultralight beam
This is a God's dream
This is a God's dream
This is everything
This is everything
I'm tryna keep my faith
But I'm looking for more
Somewhere I can feel safe
And end my holy war
So why send oppression not blessings?
Why, oh why'd you do me wrong?
You persecute the weak
Because it makes you feel so strong
Don't have much strength to fight
So I look to the light
To make these wrongs turn right
Head up high, I look to the light
Hey, 'cause I know that you'll make everything alright
And I know that you'll take good care of your child
Oh, no longer am afraid of the night
'Cause I, I look to light
When they come for you, I will shield your name
I will field their questions, I will feel your pain
No one can judge
They don't, they don't know
They don't know
Foot on the Devil's neck 'til it drifted Pangaea
I'm moving all my family from Chatham to Zambia
Treat the demons just like Pam
I mean I mess with your friends, but damn, Gina
I been this way since Arthur was anteater
Now they wanna hit me with the woo wap, the bam
Tryna snap photos of familia
My daughter look just like Sia, you can't see her
You can feel the lyrics, the spirit coming in braille
Tubman of the underground, come and follow the trail
I made Sunday Candy, I'm never going to hell
I meet Kanye West, I'm never going to fail
He said, "Let's do a good ass job with 'Chance 3'"
I hear you gotta sell it to snatch the Grammy
Let's make it so free and the bars so hard
That there ain't no gosh darn part you can't tweet
This is my part, nobody else speak
This is my part, nobody else speak
This little light of mine
Glory be to God, yeah
I'ma make sure that they go where they can't go
If they don't wanna ride I'ma still give them raincoats
Know what God said when he made the first rainbow
Throw it at the end if its not too late for the intro
Oh, I'm just having fun with it
You know that one that was lost
I laugh in my head
'Cause I bet that my ex looking back like a pillar of salt
Eh, they'll flip the script on your ass like Wesley and Spike
You cannot mess with the light
Look at lil' Chano from 79
We on an ultralight beam
We on an ultralight beam
This is a God's dream
This is a God's dream
This is everything
This is everything
I'm tryna keep my faith
But I'm looking for more
Somewhere I can feel safe
And end my holy war
Yo it's your boy, super pro-huhum, I mean super RAPPER Kanye West
I want to shout out all my Heavy Hitters. Yo, G & Hop what up?
Was it because of the Roc
That she wanna rock with West?
Because after the Blueprint I got lots of checks
She don't play X-Box but got a box of X
That make her tongue move faster than Das EFX
Uh, white Benz, dyke twins
I ain't gon' lie they only fives but together they tens
And would I do them again?
Hummm, it's like old folks pissin' cause it all Depends
And there's no coke sniffin', just juice and gin
Grey Goose will get you loose then hit the nigga producin'
The track that got you movin'
I never hit a lady but my game might abuse them
Buyin' boots just to tell 'em that I Jimmy choose 'em
And take 'em back to confuse 'em
See she don't know if she's comin' or goin'
Cause mommy after I'm cummin' I'm goin'
Back to the show
Just frontin' and flowin'
Jewelry stuntin' and glowin'
It's like somethin' outta nowhere
Yeah, and I've been known to have a ho or two
Cause my diamond's yellow like a smoker tooth
I tell 'em, "Step into the vocal booth"
Roll a joint, smoke a few
After that I'm pokin' you
After that it's over boo
Baby grab your coat and peeeeuuuun
She said, "I love you K."
"I know you do. If I was you I'd love me too."
Yoooooooou
Not used to what I got to offer
Please get up off me baby, you can't boss me
I wish I would let her dictate
All she can tell me is how the dick taste
How she gonna tell K about L.A.?
When I got three hoes that stay in Marina Del Ray
Well paid, they don't park it, just valet
Waist small like the Motorola Cingular cell-y
Voice high like Mich'elle
I step back like, "Haha
You ever ran for Miss L.A.?"
Cause you holdin' down the city officia-lly
Next time you fuckin' your man, just yell, "K"
Drive slow homey...
Drive slow homey...
You never know homey might meet some hoes homey
You need to pump your brakes and drive slow homey
My homie Marty used to stay, Sunny 9th and May
One of my best friends from back in the day
Down the street from Calumet, a school full of stones
He nicknamed me K-Rock so they'd leave me alone
Bulls jacket with his hat broke way off
And walked around the mall with his radio face off
Plus he had the spinner from his Daytons in his hand, keys in his hand
Reason again to let you know he's the man
Back when we rocked the leases, he had dreams of Caprices
Drove by the teachers, even more by polices
How he get the cash the day his father passed away
Left him with a lil' somethin, 16 he was stuntin'
Al B. Sure nigga with the hair all wavy
Hit Lakeshore girls, go all crazy
Hit the freeway, go at least 'bout 80
Boned so much that summer, even had him a baby
See back back then then if you had a car
You was the Chi-Town version of Baby
And I was just a virgin, a baby
One of the reasons I looked up to him crazy
I used to love to play my demo tape when the system yanked
Felt like I was almost signed when the shit got cranked
We'll take a Saturday and just circle the mall
They had they Lakers and our Royals, we was hurtin 'em all
With the girls a lot of flirtin' involved, but Dawg
Fuck all that flirtin' I'm tryin' to get in some drawers, so
Put me on with these hoes homey
He told me don't rush to get grown, drive slow homey
Drive slow homey...
Drive slow
You never know homey, about these hoes homey
You need to pump your brakes and drive slow homey

Drive slow homey...
Turn your hazard lights on when you see them hoes
Drive slow homey...
If you ridin' around the city with nowhere to go
Drive slow homey...
Live today cause tomorrow man, you never know...
You never know homey, might meet some hoes homey
You need to pump your brakes and drive slow homey
My car's like the movie, my car's like the crib
I got mo' TV's in here than where I live

Drive slow homey...
Drive slow homey...
You never know homey, might meet some hoes homey
You need to pump your brakes and drive slow homey
Drive slow homey
High lights
Tell my baby I'm back in town
High lights
Tell everybody I'm back in town
High lights
Tell my baby I'm back in town
High lights
We only makin' the highlights
Tell my mama, tell my mama, that I only want my whole life to only be highlights
We only makin' the highlights
Tell my mama, tell my mama, that I only want my whole life to only be highlights
Can we play that back one time?
And after that night I'm gon' wanna play this shit back (shit back)
I don't know (I don't know)
Sometimes I'm wishin' that my dick had GoPro (GoPro)
So I could play that shit back in slo-mo (in slo-mo, slow motion)
I just shot an amateur video; I think I should go pro (go pro)
We only makin' the highlights (highlights, slow motion, slow motion)
Diamonds in the sunlight
We only makin' the highlights (slow motion, slow motion)
Tell my mama, tell my mama, that I only want my whole life to be only be highlights (Yeah, just one night)

I bet me and Ray J would be friends
If we ain't love the same bitch
Yeah, he might have hit it first
Only problem is I'm rich
High...
Lights...
21 Grammys, superstar family
We the new Jacksons, I'm all about that action
I'm about that Farrakhan (We only making the)
Life is a marathon (high)
I'ma shift the paradigm (lights)
I'ma turn up every time
I'ma bust a coach's head open on some Diddy shit (I live my life)
If he ever talk to my son like an idiot (on the high lights)
So conflicted
Petty and specific
Got a hundred stories in the building
Y'all niggas is midget
Advice to all my niggas
Impregnate Bridgette (Oh no)
So when she have a baby she gon' make another nigga (gotta play this shit back)
And eventually it's gon' be so many niggas
Great pool party and the weekend that's the business
This one white girl told me she hate white cock
That's when I knew hip-hop was the new rock
Might tell a lesson and still is my mentor
Famous people act so damn pretentious huh
What you need just a hour or some interest huh
Got the Fruit of Islam in the trenches huh? (da di da, da di da)
Even though they know Yeezus is a Christian huh? (da di da)
She spent her whole check on some Christians huh? (da di da, da di da)
And that bitch ain't even religious huh? (da di da)
Walkin', livin', breathin', girl you know my past well
Hard to believe in God, your nigga got killed
Bad bitches fuckin' Rob, though he overweight
I wish my trainer would, tell me what I overate
So when I'm on vacay, I need to kick back, hah! (ooh na na na na na)
What you want?
You want a boss or an R&B nigga with a six pack? (ooh na na na na na)
I need every bad bitch up in Equinox (ooh na na na na na)
I need to know right now if you a freak or not (ooh na na na na na)
I need every bad bitch up in Equinox (ooh na na na na na)
I need to know right now if you a freak or not

I ain't innocent, Jesus walked me to the Grammys
Thank you God, now I can sin again!
I had the "Jesus Walks" sample and a dope idea
If K hook it up then this could be the song of the year
So I give my nigga the sample and the joint took off
But the verse that 'Fest did somehow got lost
Somewhere got tossed
Homie, I ain't mad at ya, doin' your thing
Let every man be his own king
With no fear ladies and gents, what you finna hear
"Jesus Walks" Rhymefest verse world premiere
(Jesus walks)
God show me the way cause the Devil trying to break me down
(Jesus walks with me)
And the only thing that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now
You know what the Midwest is? Young and restless
Where coppin' that work is your best investment
And none of my niggas gonna answer questions
'Cause none of my niggas know who the feds is
We hustle hard for dollars like we grew up checkless
Pops wasn't around, mom's smokin' the breakfast
Before I sold weed, we was roach infested
The two girls downstairs was both molested
I promise if I ever made it out of this hellhole
I wouldn't sell blows, I would just sell flows
My niggas had Nikes, I had Pro Wings shell toes
Kids knew it was Payless, Footlocker ain't sell those
I got a girl that ain't my girl
That got my baby so she bug me
She ain't even cute so my baby prolly ugly
Man sometimes I feel like God don't love me
Maybe the problem is I don't love me
My granny think I'm crazy, the streets is a virus
Sometimes I just want to rest in peace like Osiris
Wait, rest in peace like Osiris
Just another one champion sound (Yeah)
Yeah, Estelle, we 'bout to get down (Get down)
Who the hottest in the world right now? (Hey)
Just touched down in London town (Huh)
Bet they give me a pound (Uh)
Tell them put the money in my hand right now (Yeah)
Tell the promoter we need more seats
We just sold out all the floor seats
Take me on a trip, I'd like to (go some day)
Take me to New York, I'd love to (see L.A.)
I really want to come kick it with you
(You'll be my American boy)
He said
"Hey Sister, it's really, really nice to meet you"
I just met this 5 foot 7 guy who's just my type
Like the way he's speaking, his confidence is peaking
Don't like his baggy jeans but I'mma like what's underneath them
And no I ain't been to MIA
I heard that Cali never rains and
New York's heart awaits
First let's see the West End
I'll show you to my brethren
I'm liking this American boy (American boy)
Take me on a trip, I'd like to (go some day)
Take me to New York, I'd love to (see L.A.)
I really want to come kick it with you
(You'll be my American boy, American Boy)
La la la la-ladida
La la la la-ladida
La la la la-(ladida)
(Will you be my) American boy, American boy?
Can we get away this weekend? (Take me to Broadway)
Let's go shopping, maybe then we'll go to a café
(Let's go on the subway, take me to your hood)
I've never been to Brooklyn and I'd like to see what's good
Dress in all your fancy clothes
Sneakers looking fresh to death
I'm loving those Shell Toes
Walking that walk, talk that slick talk
I'm liking this American boy (American boy)
Take me on a trip, I'd like to (go some day)
Take me to New York, I'd love to (see L.A.)
I really want to come kick it with you
(You'll be my American boy)
Tell 'em wagwan blud
Would you be my love, my love? (Would you be mine?)
Would you be my love, my love? (Would you be mine?)
Could you be my love, my love? (Ooh)
Would you be my American boy? (American boy)
Take me on a trip, I'd like to go some day (Ooh, some day)
Take me to Chicago, San Francisco Bay (Oh, yeah)
I really want to come kick it with you (Ooh)
(and Blaine: You'll be my American Boy) (Be my American boy)
Take me on a trip, I'd like to go some day (I'd like to go some day)
Take me to New York, I'd love to see L.A. (See L.A.)
I really want to come kick it with you
You'll be my American boy, American boy
La la la la-ladida
La la la la-ladida
La la la la-ladida
(Will you be my) American boy, American boy?
First you get the respect and then you get the money
After you get the money, that's when the power come
You dig?
I'm only 23, living like I'm 32
I just made a 100K and spent it all out with my crew
I be blowing money fast, what the fuck I'm supposed to do?
All this paper I done made, I can't take it to the grave
In a R8 Audi with the motor in the rear
I was nominated youngest baller of the year
Just think a couple months ago, I was locked up on the tier
In a cell but now I'm dropping on these niggas like a tear
For the way I got that Lambo in the back of me
Phantom in the front of me
Stunting on my old hoes, look what this money done to me
Shout out all them niggas in my hood that ever fronted me
Cause I'm a put them all on and better they run to me
Cause real niggas do real things
If you was real you would've went and bought a real chain (Fraud)
Fake ass niggas playing in the real game
Frontin' on they old block, saying that the deal came
They asking how I get all this power
Cause I be on the grind like 24 hours (Yes sir)
365 dream chasing for a dollar, I been here since yesterday, I ain't even take a shower
More money more power, more power, more business, more bitches
Tryna holla when they see you by the dollar
And the problem when you on that cake
And when you shine, a lot of niggas they be on that hate
If I don't grind then who the fuck gon' put it on my plate?
She say I'm Hollywood, well shit I must be on my way
With my Louis luggage straight to Californ-ia
I hit my nigga K, like meet me by the port by eight
Uh, I had a dream like Mr. King
That I was in a phantom, color Listerine (Ew)
No top, bald headed like Mr. Clean
Shit I ain't claiming these bitches like Billie Jean
I'm just doing something to these niggas really mean
He got the money without the power, what do he mean?
He like the nigga that ride the bench that's playing for a team
That win the champ ain't get no ticks but he still get the rings
You dig me?
You like a nigga
Ya'll niggas got five rings
But you been riding the bench for five years
So that don't make you a nigga with power
You know what I mean?
That don't make you a Kobe nigga
Cause you was riding the bench while niggas was putting in the work
But you was just there and got the rings
You dig me?
That's like a nigga with no power, I'm gone
It's like we're mentally imprisoned. I like the word 'prison', because slavery goes too direct to the idea of blacks. It's like slavery Holocaust, Holocaust Jews, slavery is blacks...So prison is something that unites us as one race. Blacks and whites being one race. That we're the human race.
Do you feel that I'm being free? And that I'm thinking free?
I actually don't think that you're thinking anything. I think what you're doing right now is actually the absence of thought. And the reason why I feel like that is because Kanye, you're entitled to your opinion, you're entitled to believe whatever you want, but there is fact, and real-world, real-life consequence behind everything that you just said.
While you are making music, and being an artist, and living the life that you've earned by being a genius, the rest of us in society have to deal with these threats to our lives. We have to deal with the marginalization that has come from the 400 years that you said, for our people was a choice!
Frankly, I'm disappointed. I'm appalled. And brother, I am unbelievably hurt by the fact that you have morphed into something, to me, that's not real.



Yeah
Yeezy
Ugh
Wylin' cuz I'm young, I be wylin' cause I'm young
She be wylin' cause I'm hung, they be violent where I'm from
Fee, fi, fo fum, bitches so dumb
On a balcony making out with me, like she so drunk
Got me feeling like a damn hunk
Headed home I'm bout to slam dunk
Pray to the box of mags, protect me when I'm old
Pop a few Vi-rags, resurrect me
Geezer, Ebenezer
Grab titties, prob'ly catch a fucking seizure
But keep a big ass crib with a theater
Remind me of my money when I catch amnesia, oww!



What are they gon' tell me?
You know what I'm saying
I used to be in gym class like "Nigga, I'm finna be a rapper"
I didn't do my homework for my last three years of high school, nigga
So I'm assuming ya'll niggas don't know what you doing
You're not hot cause your tapes don't work
We can't stop, our brakes don't work
Man I heard you spit your favorite verse
It's the softest place on Earth
Ya'll some motherfucking idiots
Dropping enough bricks to build a city with
What the fuck is on your mind?
You sniffing that shit
My own blood, go on stud
Probably the reason that the phone bugged
Always talking fast as hell like Bone Thugs
You act like you don't know what the chrome does
Like what 2 shots to the dome does
Plus you kind of slow man
But if we listen to you
We all be broke like Gary Coleman
I'm trying to blow like Pokémane
And I don't want to have to choke you man
I'd rather go to bed, getting head on the sofa man
Yo but, aigh, it's over man
Nothing's gonna stop Nothing's gonna stop Nothing's gonna stop me!
(I said) Nothing's gonna stop Nothing's gonna stop Nothing's gonna stop me!
You the only Nigga who lights went out fucking ?? 2000!
Let's go man
I hate a gold digging bitch that want to get in my whip
Fuck fucking, I make her kiss the tip of my dick
You know what I'm here for cut all that crying and shit
Plus my nigga want a fit
Why don't you buy him some shit?
I'm from the land of the P-I-M-P
I got these hoes buying the weed and the optimos
Why you think my neck froze?
Why I got these clothes?
PSSH Man I gots to pose
Next to the, lex to the, benz fit ya, next time we, fuck, bring ya, friends with ya
And he doesn't take American Express
And he don't take hoes with small breast keep it moving (keep it moving)
I hate lame niggas, I hate gay niggas, I hate a dick riding I-I-I I know Kanye niggas
(So) save the talk and save the game how you gon con me when Kan half my name? Nigga
I did about 4 or 5 beats for Nas
This nigga don't know how to pronounce my name because they always spell it wrong
Shit, you know I'm saying, I'mma I'mma tell it real, you know what I'm saying? That's not cool, y'all can't even...


Close your eyes and imagine, feel the magic
Vegas on acid, seen through Yves St. Laurent glasses
And I've realized that I've arrived
Cause it take more than a magazine to kill my Vibe
Does he write his own rhymes, well sort of, I think 'em
That mean I forgot better shit than you ever thought of
Damn, is he really that caught up?
I ask if you talked about classics, do my name get brought up?
I remember I couldn't afford a Ford Escort
Or even a four-track recorder
So it's only right that I let the top drop on a drop-top Porsche
It's for yourself, that's important
If your stripper name "Porscha" and you get tips from many men
Then your fat friend, her nickname is "Minivan"
Because-
Because-
Because-
Because-
I Am A God
I Am A God

Just like that
When someone comes up and says something like "I am a god"
Everybody says "Who does he think he is?"
I just told you who I thought I was, a god!
I just told you!
That's who I think I am!
Would it have been better if I had a song that said, "I am a nigga"?

She under the influence
Keep doin' what you been doin'
Keep doin' what you been doin'
Keep doin' what you been doin'
She under the influence
She rich nigga drunk
A broke nigga text her
She roll her eyes like, "What this nigga want?"
She under the influence
Keep doin' what you been doin'
Keep doin' what you been doin'
Keep doin' what you been doin'

She under the influence
Keep doin' what you been doin'
Keep doin' what you been doin'
Keep doin' what you been doin'
She under the influence, she rich nigga drunk
A broke nigga text her, she roll her eyes like, "What this nigga want?"
She under the influence
Keep doin' what you been doin'
Keep doin' what you been doin'
Keep doin' what you been doin'
'Cause I look too good to be workin' this hard
I look too good to be workin' this job
She back up on me, she back it up on me
She, she back it up on me, she back it up on me, uh
Back it up on me, she back up on me
She back up on me, she back up on me
She back up on me, she back up on me
Yeah, she back up on me, she back up on me
Want all her girls to see, she back up on me
She back up on me, she back up on me
She back up on me, she back up on me
She want girls to see, wantin' her girls to see
Wanna get down for me
Yeah, DC
Stand up for your boy Ka Ree
I go by the name of Kanye To The
The Roc is in the building
And as far as I'm concerned
We about to bring that real soul back to the game
John Legend on the backgrounds by the way
Let's go
From what I hear Kanye is killing the game very bad
My girl rocking the little lamb that Mary had
A l ittle bit of Ghost’s style mixed with Mos' style
I'm versatile I'm the poster child
Getting cheese so I'm suppose to smile, get it
We making hits like Sosa now, hit it
And I hate when girls acting bougie as hell
And I already seen them naked like Blu Cantrell
If I talk to people like they stupid as hell
Do that mean God gone make my kids be stupid as well?
Well, our father please forgive me
I'm sinner slash winner slash soul inventer
It's so soulful man
It's so soulful man
So soulful man
And when you hear it, is where it feels like soul food man
It was so soulful man
It's so soulful man
It's so soulful man
And right here is where it feels like soul food man

It's so soulful man
It's so soulful man
So soulful man
And when you hear it, is where it feels like soul food man
It was so soulful man
It's so soulful man
It's so soulful man
And right here is where it feels like soul food man


It's so soulful man
It's so soulful man
So soulful man
And when you hear it, is where it feels like soul food man
It was so soulful man
It's so soulful man
It's so soulful man
And right here is where it feels like soul food man
I told you I don't want you all the time
'Cause you're not mine
I'm not in love, but I'm in like
So far it's working fine
But when I need you then I'm desperate
I'm a little child
Just like an animal, down on my knees and beggin'
Yeah, all wrapped up, I wanna be your little baby now
Put my head on your shoulder
You can rock me, rock me now
In the middle of the night you can hear me crying loud
Put my head on your shoulder and rock me
Open the door, unlock me
We've got tonight, so rock me now
I'm in my bed, and I'm possessed
I'm lying wide awake
I need someone like you to come
And put me in my place
'Cause in the day, I can't be tamed
Boy, you don't wanna know
But in the night, my hands are tied
You tell me where to go
Yeah, all wrapped up, I wanna be your little baby now
Put my head on your shoulder
You can rock me, rock me now
In the middle of the night you can hear me crying loud
Put my head on your shoulder and rock me
Open the door, unlock me
We've got tonight, so rock me
Open the door, unlock me
We've got tonight, so rock me now
Rock me now
Rock me now
Yeah, all wrapped up, I wanna be your little baby now
Put my head on your shoulder
You can rock me, rock me now
In the middle of the night you can hear me crying loud
Put my head on your shoulder and rock me
Yeah, all wrapped up, I wanna be your little baby now
Put my head on your shoulder
You can rock me, rock me now
In the middle of the night you can hear me crying loud
Put my head on your shoulder and rock me
You and me, sitting on a tree
You be the daddy, I'll be the baby
Yeah, uh, man
Thanks for the love and support baby, thank you
I hate you






I chose not to be a slave
Dropped the Wave Runners, now we run the wave
Like we ain't have all the hood rats and mud rats
Like you ain't had 'em, good stats and all that
Nobody gon' ruin me
I just called my wife up, let's get Hoover free
I put all my ice up and my Louis V
I just copped my mom a crib, I'm back over East
Let me get your ear like Holyfield
From the home of Soldier Field
Coming home, that's how a soldier feels
All that killing over, that's just overkill
Yeezy back in the Chi, this that Oprah field
Blood, one time, check
I said I Blood so hard red cross can't find me
First niggas gotta find me
Who started this gangtsa shit? Motherfucka please remind me 
Blood so hard everything red
Niggas Blood more than me this shit weird
Light the tree come on T.V
Niggas throwing up signs like Paul pierce
Blood so hard I forever bleed
Join a gang out here you can never leave
When the album drop, I'm the new PAC
My bitch wanted me to get a nose ring
Blood so hard nigga nose bleed
Why you motherfuckas sittin in the nosebleed?
I'm on my twitter dm'in hoes
Why you motherfuckas bein so nosy?
How could you fall for that fakeout believing that media takeout
Talkin bout how I ate the box bitch you can't even get takeout
One beef nigga meet me at the steakhouse
Come alone nigga this ain't no stakeout
No cops in here just Glocks in here
This shit will blow your face out
Niggas be all up on myspace put the hammer on your Facebook
I come around upside down frown show a nigga how that k look
Come around lay it down nigga jay showed you
And jay told you
And jay showed you
LA Leakers, said I blood so hard red cross can't find me
First niggas gotta find me
Who started this gangsta shit motherfucka please remind me
Blood so hard red cross can't find me
First niggas gotta find me
Who started this gangsta shit motherfucka please remind me
Woo, woo
Somebody
Gotta be the bad guy
I had a bad day at work
Don't wanna have a bad night, ayy
Woo! Toppin' on like I'm Nina
Woo! Toppin' on, you gon' need one
Woo! If I say somethin' indecent
Woo! She gon' suck me off like a Capri-Sun
Haan? Fuck is you talkin' 'bout, bitch, you offended me
Checkin' 'em off when you niggas is into me
'Fore I go turn it out, I bet I can, ah
Jumpin' up off, you better get out
Doin' for something on that thing
Though I'm not in my feelings, man up
Somebody
Gotta be the bad guy (hey)
I had a bad day at work (yeah, yeah)
Don't wanna have a bad night



Somebody
Gotta be the bad guy
I had a bad day at work
Don't wanna have a bad night, ayy
I might have to jump from the three-point line, uh
I can see you down up, ah, she straight lyin', uh
She might dumb it down up, but I know she nine
Throw it back up on it when I know she got it, uh, sheesh
Can't be my baby with no maybes
Can't roll it down up with my lady
You know that all these niggas still crazy
Been two months since I talked to Jay-Z
Take some, rain, nonstop, rain don't want war
Rain come, rain come
Come shine, come rain, come up
Let it sound, let it bang
Let it fall, let it rain
Rain down on the plane
Rain down on the plane
Rain down on my mom
Rain down on the mom
Shower us with Your love
Wash us in the blood
High stomp for the thug
I done spend it in the mud
Grew up life, tryna uh
I know all my friends thugs
And, uh, oh, my phone buzz
Everybody dun-dun
One up in the club
No choice to sell drugs
No choice, locked up
No choice on thugs
Rain down on us
Rain down on us
Shower down on us
Wash us in a flood
Wash us in the blood
Whole life bein’ thugs
No choice, sellin' drugs
Rain down on us
Genocide, what it does
Slavery, what it does
Rain down on us
Whole life sellin' drugs
Wash us in the blood
Wash us in Your blood
Wash us in the blood
Wash us in the blood
Wash us in the blood
Holy Spirit, come down
Holy Spirit, come down
Holy Spirit, help now
Holy Spirit, help now
Holy Spirit, come down
Holy Spirit, come down
Holy Spirit, help now
Whole spirit, dun-dun
Wash us in the blood
Whole life bein’ thugs
No choice sellin' drugs
Genocide, what it does
Mass incarc', what it does
'Cause a cause, what it does
'Nother life bein' lost
That's all for the cost
Executes in thirty states
Thirty states still execute
Thou shall not kill, thou shall not throw
Stomp, stomp with the residue
Cashed on, what the leather do
Last song what the better do
Now it's time for the residue
Ones that never do, hunnid they never do
Rain down on us
Rain down on us
Wash us in the blood
Wash us in the blood
Holy spirit, come down
Holy spirit, come down
And they tryna control ’Ye
They want me to calm down
They don’t want me to Kanye
They don't want Kanye to be Kanye
They wanna sign a fake Kanye, they tryna sign a calm ’Ye
I call that nigga Calm-Ye, 'cause he's down with an army
That song is what I all make, everything you see is all me
They wanna edit the interviews, they wanna take it to interludes
Cut a whole sentence to inner loose
Tryna put something in interview
Hot as the sun when they bend the truth
Livin’ 'cause nobody livin'
And nobody's different, and doin' it different
Rain, rain down on us
Holy Spirit, come down
Holy Spirit, come down
We need you now
Wash us in the blood
Whole life bein' thugs
No choice, sellin' drugs
Genocide, what it does
Slavery, what it does
Yo Bumpy, I just want to make sure everybody knew who did the track
Kanye-to-the, with the GOON SQUAD!




You ever disrespect the chief
I'll have the Tec put you pets to sleep
That's all you birds I catch singing to detects police
You ain't my dogs, you rats and you cats could rest in peace
I post up on a deck for weeks
I got a good name, and I spit good game
Tried ya baby mama out, and she got good brains
I look lames in the face and tell 'em
You ain't a goon, you's a fruit, I'm a gansta mella



Sem medo
(Make that, the album cover this)
'Do, 'do
Uh, sufferin' déjà, déjà, déjà
You gimme déjà, gotta get me that vu (haha)
Déjà, déjà, déjà, you gimme déjà
I need that vu, let me get that vu
Déjà, déjà, give me that déjà vu, aha
Told her, déjà, déjà, give me that déjà vu
Yeah, that's true
Hit 'em with the one some of 'em, uh
Since we, since we pullin' up on the e-way
Make me wanna hit the floor like Freeway
I seen-a her ass, I swear a nigga almost done died, I say
Girl you give me that déjà vu
Déjà, déjà, you so major
Got a somethin' on a pager, you give me that déjà vu
Uh, what that money tryna do?
What the fuck they want do? Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy
Déjà, déjà, you so major
The flavor, the pager, you give me that déjà vu
And all my favorite Nikes was Mandals
I was underway a nigga hand though
With the DC crossed over with the handle
Ayy, I had the socks with the Polo and the Girbaud
Yeah niggas know what they do
That's how Chi' Town do
South, Southside and you
If I had a chance for, a chance to rap poor ('do)
Me and my cousin play full court one-on-one ('do)
That means not before that year, none to come
Niggas talk a lot of shit, but ain't nothin' done
Ideas is like assholes ('do), everyone got one
But I'm the number one asshole, if you not one
Couldn't match 'em, they couldn't match him ('do)
Vu, vu watcha doin'
(Can we try some more shit?)
Sem medo
Sem medo
Welcome ladies and gentlemen to the 8th wonder of the world
The flow of the century, oh it's timeless, HOV'!
Thanks for comin' out tonight
You could've been anywhere in the world, but you're here with me
I appreciate that, uhhd
*The song changes to: The Jackson Five - I Want You back*
*The song changes to: The Doors - Five to One*
Yo this song right here, I remember I used to play
This sample for people before I hooked up
And I used to tell people "you know, this, this gon' be like The Truth
But it's gon' better than The Truth", and to all my niggas, my nigga ??? said:
"I mean ask these but it ain't no Truth, that ain't no Truth right there!"
And he was all like, the Takeover
Five to one, baby, one in five
No one here, gets, out alive, now
You'll get yours, baby, I'll get mine
Gonna make it, baby, if we try
The old get old, and the young get stronger
May take a week, and it may take longer
They got the guns, but we got the numbers
Gonna win, yeah we're, takin' over
Come on!
*The song changes to: Jay-Z - Takeover*
R.O.C., we runnin' this rap shit
Memphis Bleek, we runnin' this rap shit
B. Mac, we runnin' this rap shit
Freeway, we runnin' this rap shit
O and Sparks, we runnin' this rap shit
Chris and Neef, we runnin' this rap shit
The takeover, the break's over nigga
God MC, me, Jay-Hova
Hey lil' soldier you ain't ready for war
R.O.C.'s too strong for y'all
Ac'right nigga!
*The song changes to: Jay-Z - Heart of the City (Ain't no Love)*
Uh, uh, listen
First the Fat Boys break up, now every day I wake up
Somebody got a problem with Hov'
What's up y'all niggas all fed up cause I got a little cheddar
And my records movin' out the store
*The song changes to: Bobby "Blue" Bland - Ain't no Love in the Heart of the City*
Ain't no love, in the heart of the city
Ain't no love, in the heart of town
Ain't no love..
*The song changes to: David Ruffin - Common Man*
Yeeehh
*The song changes to: Jay-Z - Never Change*
(Never, never, never, never change)
I never change, this is Jay every day
(I never change!)
I never change, this is Jay every day
(I never change!)
I never change, this is Jay
Mmm
Foldin' up, but somethin', I been on a minute
Know that I got nothin, nothin', if they with it
Foldin' on it, be complete opposites to another
Same on it, same on it, same on it, ohh
Same numbers on it, same number on
Don't you know, never wrong to me
Somethin' losing, ultimate
That would be, oh, the ultimate lie
Yeah, I'm 'bout to tell the ultimate lie
Foldin' up, but somethin', I been on a minute
Know that I got nothin, nothin', if they with it
Foldin' on it, be complete opposites to another
Same on it, same on it, same on it, ohh
Same numbers on it, same number on
Don't you know, never wrong to me
Somethin' losing, ultimate
That would be, oh, the ultimate lie
Yeah, I'm 'bout to tell the ultimate lie
You gotta watch your face
I got am million dollars for every bump in your face
And next year, you're gonna have an acne problem
Ahh! Yeah
Showtime, I'm gonna make it look easy
I told niggas I'm a hustler, it's like they keep on forgetting
36 mil in eight months, you still think I'm bullshitting?
Catch me on top of Fortune's Hot 100
Head of G-Unit Enterprises, still getting blunted
Went from selling crack to rap, that's two different games
But they're parallel to each other, homie, so they're quite the same
You know that crack spot so hot, you better off playing the block
Fiends can't help but be fiends, they come and cop for the cops
Back in the pens again, penitentiary doors spin
The game full of heartbreaks, can I win for Christsakes?
Ace after ace, Lady Luck just won't fuck with me
That's why I got this attitude, nigga, don't say "what up!" to me
I took something heart-pumping, move and I'll pop something
Cop bricks, break 'em down to pieces and prop something
Niggas stay in stunt mode so I stay strapped up
My body language saying, ''Fuck around and get clapped up''
I sip on Coke when it's with Henny, go for broke with the semi
Niggas talk behind my back, but they don't really want it with me
Pussy niggas pop shit; me, I'm on that block shit
That rubber band, hundred grand in that night box, bitch
You know the raps bought the Benz, and the cracks bought the rims
Vivica she bought the gym, told you I'm a fuckin' pimp
I was born a bad seed, I defied the odds
I ain't play the hand that I was dealt, I switched the cards
Still I keep a poker face, frontin', I'mma catch a case
Flip out, poke your face, you're laid out, now, what a waste
I'm Super Fly, Ron O'Neal of this rap shit
When that drama pop and you get shot
Let's see you bounce back, bitch
You nigga, you come around this bitch frontin'
I'ma have to chase you outta here
You nigga, you come around this bitch frontin'
I'ma have to chase you outta here
You nigga, you come around this bitch frontin'
I'ma have to chase you outta here
You nigga, you come around this bitch frontin'
I'ma have to chase you outta here



Who you know could get Kanye West on the remix?
(OOOOOH!) Ay 'Ye, you know they love you in the Yay, boy!
(Ay) Speak on it!
Ay, ay pimp, it's 'Ye, pimp
40 told me dey fuckin wit me in The Bay, pimp
So I'ma, ride down with the do's open (do's open manye)
Yeah - that's what'll get the hoes open (hoes open manye)
High-inch stilettos wit the toes open (toes open)
Yeah - and any haters get they nose broken (ooooh)
Now, tell me when to go, tell me where the ho's
You told me they was cold, now you act like they don't know like -
...Ummmmmmm (ummmm), Ummmmmm (ummmm)
I'mma hit the liquor sto', I'mma be on the low
I'mma have my hoodie on (yeah)
Call out my name and you know dey gon' go ("Dumb") (Dumb!)
You fuckin up my mode manye (mayne)
I tell you only call me by my code name (code name)
Dey al'edy recognize me from my gold chain (gold chain)
The same one I gave Keyshia Cole manye (Cole mayne)
Now go duuumb, like Cole
On Martin, I'm retarded ('ey!)

It's no facade or no chapard
Well acquainted with Audemars and all that shit
It's Ricky Ross the rich boss
Wet bars on the boat, what broad won't elope
Crib like Scott Storch all from the coke
Maybachs were a dream now it's all real
It's hard to get sleep layin' next to five mil
Still got the chills, I call 'em the goosebumps
Yeah Alexander vision, I'm buildin' like two Trumps
Steppin' guce bumps I'm the main event
We got a pocket full of game, brain it made me ten
Six bitches' numbers all on the same napkin
Now that's what the fuck I call a chain reaction
You see it these niggas livin' of the past
I ran a hundred miles but I did it all with class
Hands all glass, wrist all glass
Mirror on the wall, how long will the crystal last
Champagne pours, celebrate the cause
Hover above the laws at the mercy of the Lord
This me nigga, It's me nigga
While we do our thing, give me six feet nigga
Better take a picture, this is history nigga
I'm busy gettin' money, you can miss me nigga
This me nigga, It's me nigga
While we do our thing, give me six feet nigga
Better take a picture, this is history nigga
I'm busy gettin' money, you can miss me nigga
What's worse, a testimony from you homie?
Tables turn fast, I told you not to fuck me, Tony
Started with the dishes, endin' with the digits
I had to cross friendship, it's rules to the business
All the time with a sister like Gina
Beauty salon dream, got the keys and the Beamer
On the way to cheetahs pointin' an army
Land my spaceship with the spoilers only
Seen the UFOs, FBI, ATF, let ‘em know how a nigga ride
Fo-fo and fo-five and six fo's
Half a pill, two dime, six hoes
I need a slice of the pie, fo five six
As I throw my dice in the sky
Head crack nigga
Bread stack nigga
Convertible Bert yeah I let my hair back nigga
This me nigga, It's me nigga
While we do our thing, give me six feet nigga
Better take a picture, this is history nigga
I'm busy gettin' money, you can miss me nigga
This me nigga, It's me nigga
While we do our thing, give me six feet nigga
Better take a picture, this is history nigga
I'm busy gettin' money, you can miss me nigga
Lamborghinis and Maseratis for mediocres
When the beat's over, back to the street, soldier
Call cold shoulders might make me bring the heats over
When the beef's over, might see the peach rover
We eats but we try to reach each quota
No soda, Rolls roller one on her
Rodeo eighty gram, one coda
Louis Vuitton, bright sides don’t want ‘em
They trippin', I’m drippin' in Tiffany stones
Get a mop, Peter prop, I’m livin' it homes
Chauffeur I blow purp and no skirts
Four chains I’m puttin' down with more work
This me nigga, It's me nigga
While we do our thing, give me six feet nigga
Better take a picture, this is history nigga
I'm busy gettin' money, you can miss me nigga
This me nigga, It's me nigga
While we do our thing, give me six feet nigga
Better take a picture, this is history nigga
I'm busy gettin' money, you can miss me nigga


They say we need a prophet that can touch on the topics
And make it hot as the tropics. Well you got it (you got it)

Everybody saying please don't let go
I hear it over and over and over like a echo
I see it in my dreams, I feel the effect though
People drowning in debt
Somebody to the rescue
Everybody's saying we need something special
Nah man, we need something extra terrestrial
Outta this world, speak for us
Be the vessel
Outta the box, reach for it through the threshold
Uh, through all of the stress though
What's best of all, people screaming like a festival
Just applaud, this moment is special y'all

Let's get it on








I just got off the plane, Chicago
It's ya boy Kanye West on the beat
Ay, White Boy
I just want you to know, I just want you to know
I just want you to know, this boy here finna' blow
Southside up in here, Westside up in here
Eastside up in here, throw your hands in the air
Kanye the best in the game, now we got that, that thing clear
Kanye West is the name, Southside up in here
Y'all niggas stole the soul, y'all niggas all some clones
Y'all need to change y'all tone, nigga, I control the 'go
Motherfucker close the do', light the weed and let the douja blow
Why you keep bawlin' though girl, you ain't been around niggas before?
Why my chain rosey gold, why my wrist below zero?
How the hell I know B-Lo, why them girls tell you no means no?
No means no just as sure as green means go
Green means paper, dream team caper
We see haters like shorty on the 'Sixth Sense'
Y'all finna' see some dead people
Come through ya block and air people
My people ain't scared people, only FIG-I-AIR people

Rap profit, plat Gothic, slash convict raps jock it, phat
Pockets mac, hopin' crack, poppin' stacks
Droppin' cakes, stoppin' wakes, knockin' hate
And you fakes, watchin' base, on relate
Gossip fakes and I make, opt, yeah
In case I catch a case gots to pay, confrentrate
Need ya way, from this place cause it ain't common (nope)
If this ain't the way, Kanye, then it's straight
Colleges in ya veins cause you spit what you came from
Straight knowledge, I was raised in the street
Praised in my heat, holdin' on my Nextel
Hopin' for the next cell, focused on the best cell
Smokin' on a fresh L, posted like FedEx mail
Long Beach, stand up! (Plain Pat, what up?)
It's your hometown boy Mark Spitz and uh
Now I've been getting fucked up all night long
This weed and this drink I got is almost gone
And I've been doing wrong my whole life long
So here's my song
Here's my song







Don't worry Chi-town
It's ya boy Kanye To The
I got this!
You at the bar tryin' to ask what that Hypno hit fo'
If you gotta ask that you can't afford to get mo'
Dawg, slow down you can't afford to sip Mo'
Leave the club now, come back when you get dough
Many hoes, many many many many many hoes
Centerfolds, especially I'm in the Go
Cadillac back to back, red, black to indigo
Tell me that I ain't pimpin' yo
Especially they in a row?
Keep a least two, that can't keep they cool
Cause I stay G'd up like the first week of school
Broke girls, I take 'em to the Section 8
Where I pass the dick around like a collection plate
White girls said, "La Di Da Di, we love to party"
And that bitch ain't broke so that mean she sniff coke
And she only 17 so that mean she can't vote
So if we do anything, that mean you can't quote

Welcome to UCLA
Tell me how you see L.A
UCLA, Welcome to UCLA
Tell me how you see L.A
I'm going cr-I'm going cr- I'm going cr- I'm going cray
I'm going- I'm going cray, I'm going UCLA
Welcome to UCLA
Tell me how you see L.A
Welcome to UCLA
Tell me how you see L.A
I'm going- I'm going cray
Baby mama going cray
Going cray, I'm going UCLA
Tell me how you see L.A
Fuck with the dude, she L.A
Asian and fuck from that UCLA
Maybe he work at CCA
Maybe he working at that UA of A
I got that something, that favorite Bape
Something and something that send me for days
They was just up in so many ways
They ain't gotta stand up, clock 'em no more
Until they bumping, then he stuck down backpage
We just selling pussy, he selling the bunk
Selling the bunk and he bump with the picks
Pop a new something and fuck on the bitch
Got a little something and having the bitch
Walk on the water but we-
Welcome to UCLA
Tell me how you see L.A
I lost, sayin' I lost that money
I couldn't dance, some line, no
Wear your love, so you see him
Eyes on you, eyes so you see L.A. (Hey)
Welcome to UCLA
Tell me how you see L.A
Welcome to UCLA
Tell me how you see L.A
I'm going- I'm going cray
Baby mama going cray
Going cray, I'm going UCLA
Take your meds, 'Ye
Take your meds, 'Ye
Take your meds, 'Ye
Take your meds, 'Ye
Take your meds, 'Ye
Go to bed, 'Ye
Go to bed, 'Ye
Get out of your head, 'Ye
Get out of your head, 'Ye
Did you hear what I said, 'Ye?
I didn't say that
Uh, what did you said, 'Ye?
Take your meds, 'Ye
Take your meds, 'Ye
Take your meds, 'Ye
Go to bed, 'Ye
You need some Nyquil
Go to bed, 'Ye
What did you think, what did you see
Uh, go at your set, 'Ye
Yeah, I just said it
No, I ain't say it
Ayy, what did you said, Ye?
I'm going UCLA
I’ll tell you something. Have you ever heard anyone talk shit about Lenny Kravitz though? He’s a nice guy. He’s a nice guy. He’s so well-mannered. I envy manners. I envy it. I envy people who are extremely likeable. I’m like, “Damn, I wish I could be likeable like them.” I wish people would like me like that
So what they basically did was, at Fashion Week… Let me explain something to you… I don’t give a fuck about fashion. I care about talent. I care about creativity. And it just so happens that with the advent of the Louis Vuitton bag, fashion rise to the top, and stole all of the creativity to only work for its small box, and sell it back to you at a higher price. That’s what the fuck fashion is to me. I care about dreamers. I care about heart. I care about soul. Not those who are marginalized
So if you think about someone like McQueen. Instead of being forced to make some fucking T-shirts with a skull on it, why wasn’t he allowed to make movies? He was just as good as Tarsem, he’s just a good a visualist as anyone else. But they would marginalize him as only a fashion designer. Which, let’s rewind, is above a music producer, and it’s above a rapper
’Cause you gotta stay in your tier, in your section. You gotta stay right there, you can’t move. But if you pay for a ticket, you wanted to come to see this show, and you standing right there, right? And when you’re trying to go you say I want to go up there, a security guard stops you, and then holds you, and if you start screaming the paparazzi catch you, catch you with your face looking all crazy, and then you scream out loud, and you got to really scream, you gotta say, “I am a god!” Just for them to let you a little bit up
And right there, I was scared. Right there I was scared. ’Cause I thought that if I just went to their fashion show again and I just sat down like a good nigga they would let Lenny Kravitz get his shot! I thought maybe, maybe they would let Pharell get his shot. But no, no, no. Fuck you, nigga. Fuck you, nigga. Fuck you, nigga. Is that abrasive enough for you? ’Cause that’s what it is. Fuck you, nigga. Is that abrasive enough for you?
And what about Mark Parker, and what about Hedi Slimane? I thought Hedi Slimane was my friend, and that’s why I’m so hurt. How many names did people call me for wearing tight jeans when I’m the rapper that wore tight jeans and shit, that brought tight jeans to the ghetto and shit? I thought I was Hedi Slimane designing motherfuckin’ tight jeans that you want. I’m the nigga that, you know I’m rocking that shit. Then he had his first fashion show, and I was so happy for him. I was so, so, so happy for him. And he told me, you can come to my show, but you just can’t go to Riccardo’s show and you can’t go to Phoebe’s show
But I’mma tell y’all right now, I will take that spot. I am 2Pac of this clothing shit. And I’mma take that spot, and we gonna combine all the creators, the best creators on the planet, and we gonna lower the motherfucking prices, so everybody can get it. And we ain’t gonna steal from people’s ideas like H&M. And we ain’t gonna steal people’s ideas like Zara. We gon’ make our own shit. We gon’ combine the best creators on the planet, and we gon’ take them from Harvard, and we gon’ take them from St. Mark's, and we gon’ take ’em from the street
And I’m sorry I went so long tonight. I know you just want to hear another motherfuckin’ hit song tonight. I’m so sorry I went so long tonight. I know you just want to hear another motherfuckin’ hit song tonight. Hit song tonight, hit song tonight. Another hit song, another hit song. Yes they do. I ask people about it, I tell them that I’m this creator, and they say I need another hit song. They say I need another hit song, hit song tonight, hit song…
Hold up, hold up. I’m sorry, if anyone out there thinks they can do anything, put your hands up right motherfuckin’ now! Almost forgot that part
Ich bin grade aufgestanden, es ist Viertel vor 12
Egal, ich hau' dir jetzt in deinem eigenen Viertel eins auf die Zwölf
(Pom Pom Hurensohn!)
Lauf zu Mama, sonst erhältst du von der Faust von K-O-Doppel-L
'nen Schlag auf's Trommelfell
Du stehst vor'm Traualtar, gibst deiner Frau das Ja-Wort
Doch sie antwortet nicht, denn sie ist aufblasbar
Du bist neidisch auf mein' Schwanz
Motherfucker, was kann ich dafür?
Hab' ich ihn nur halb drin sagen Hoes, ich wirke distanziert
Ich besuche deine Stadt, bewaffnet mit 'nem Golfschläger
Und verursache mehr Kieferbrüche als ein Holzfäller
Deine Mom ist lustig, wenn ich zufällig vorbei komm'
Springt sie mir sofort an meine Eier, nenn' es Eisprung
Du hast Homies in der Jury und solltest du gewinnen
Dann höchstens durch Schiebung, so wie beim Sumoringen
Ich bin der Bitcheskenner und Gewichtestemmer im Fitnesscenter
B-O wird gepuncht und ist schwer mitgenommen wie dicke Tramper
Ey Kollegah, digga, ich weiß du hast mich schon mal gefickt wie ne Bitch. Aber ey ich hab zum Schluss noch eine Bitte so. Ey kannst du vielleicht nochmal so richtig geil abflowen? Geht das klar?
Ey für meine Fans doch gerne, pass auf!
Ich zerficke deine billigen Parts mit der Fist
Und verbrenne deine Mutter mit Napalm Geschütz
Und ich hab mit einigen Homies zusammen ihr Grabmal bepisst
Pass auf, ich kille dich zum Beat, ficke deine Bitch
Gib ihr dann paar Tritts, ficke deine Hits
Nigga, du bist weak
Penner, geh mir bitte nicht auf die Eier
Laber mich nicht voll mit "Gib mir bitte Feedback"
Punk, ich amputiere deine Füße und du flehst mich an von wegen
"Nigga, gib mir doch mal bitte meine Feet back"
Ich fick mit deinem Girl Motherfucker
Ich hab das Gefühl, ich bin jetzt in die Ho verliebt
Und kann nicht ohne sie, ich geh Kondome ziehen und komme wieder
Und dann popp' ich sie die ganze lange Nacht zu dopen Beats von Jordan C
Oder von dem Nigga Timbaland
Bitch, ich trage meine Timbalands
Viele nennen mich den deutschen Twista
Doch ich selber nenne mich den deutschen Killa Cam
Ich kille deine Family mit einer Gilloutine, Nigga
Bis du ganz alleine bist und keiner dich mehr lieb hat
Nein, ich gebe dir kein Feature, weil ich busy bin ich ficke grade Gina Wild und laber dann wie zwei wie Nina Sky, Nigga
Just gots me a crib and a new car too
I got the ring, but I gotta have you babe
C'mon let's get married babe
C'mon let's get married
Let's have some kids with a dog with a house
A lil white fence, just like this, babe
C'mon let's get married babe
Let's get married
Meet me at the alter
In your white dress (your white dress)
You won't ever need another man
You never, ever want from another thing, no
I've been feeling you
I must confess (must confess)
Ain't nobody gonna break this thang up
I ain't going nowhere, no
Cuz when I think about you and think about me
Plain to see that we might as well do it (do it)
Just gots me a crib and a new car too
I got the ring, but I gotta have you babe
C'mon let's get married babe
C'mon let's get married
Let's have some kids with a dog with a house
A lil white fence, just like this, babe
C'mon let's get married babe
Let's get married
Said you want some karats
Babe, how bout ten (how bout ten)
Is it good enough for you to brag on
When you show your friends (show your friends)
I just want to be with you
Girl there ain't I think I won't do
Want you to be the one to say I do
We can start a family
Cuz when I think about you and think about me
Plain to see that we might as well do it (do it)
Just gots me a crib and a new car too
I got the ring, but I gotta have you babe
C'mon let's get married babe
C'mon let's get married
Let's have some kids with a dog with a house
A lil white fence, just like this, babe
C'mon let's get married babe
Let's get married
With my tuxedo
He asked me do you take this
Woman to hold and keep the safest
Plus to lace her, floss wit paper
Crib and a car, man you know tha basics
Diamonds your best friend
That makes sense because
You a princess and you deserve the princess cuts
But as long as you gots ya defenses up
You can never get the love that was meant for ya
Shoot, you know that I "use to come through on da club tip"
Real thugs don't never fall in love
Always on the g-o, for the d-o
Man I had to take t-o, smits some cutie
Since my money gettin' right these days
I wanna give you more ice than the ice capades
I gots the church, the ring
There's something I'm forgetting
Oh, we gotta have J.E. sing at the wedding
Just gots me a crib and a new car too
I got the ring, but I gotta have you babe
C'mon let's get married babe
C'mon let's get married
Let's have some kids with a dog with a house
A lil white fence, just like this, babe
C'mon let's get married babe
Let's get married
I know that you know I can rip it, I hope that you listen
Blood burgundy soul, heart cold, surgery flowed
They operate like an emergency (Listen to my heartbeat)
Harder, I know that you know I can rip it, I hope that you listen
Listen, I know my position, I'm young, your profection is distant
I run to it, it feels like it comes closer but misses
I been exposed to the most vicious, meanin' I know the difference
Between those that are dope or those that are Pulp Fiction
My words are weapons, they serve and protect
Behind verbs and a lesson I teach for the nerve that your testin'
I'll reach you from like thirty directions
Heat you like, the early detections like he questions the reaper to strike
Your number it came and crumbled your fame, into a ball
A umbrella dissolved into flames, you under my brain
You fell in my shower, lyrics my power
Your time is now, this is your hour to listen and it's windin' down
Your mission to make your way if your smart
He play his part, you can never take away his heart, listen
I know that you know I can rip it, I hope that you listen
Blood burgundy soul, heart cold, surgery flowed
They operate like an emergency (Listen to my heartbeat)
Harder, I know that you know I can rip it, I hope that you listen
My spit is like a fix or the rinse cycle that gets
Under the dirt, that gets, under the skirt of your bitch
Under your nose, so get onto your toes
This is the reason you ballers is leavin' me all in control, my brother
You should play the back if you loud, I make you fade the black
If you wild so you should stay in back and be proud
I never take for granted my style cause him who handed it down
To me, Slim who demanded, take advantages now
I'm breezin' away from competitive ways
Every day I'm leavin' a race, I'm leadin' every step of the way
That I'm breathin' and the reason that the hunger's increased
I'm under my peeps speed and I'm underneath the numbers I seek
I speak if you never show me respect
No longer lookin' up to rappers, in fact I’m after the ones that I’ve met
I know that you know I can rip it, I hope that you listen
Blood burgundy soul, heart cold, surgery flowed
They operate like an emergency (Listen to my heartbeat)
Harder, I know that you know I can rip it, I hope that you listen


















Yo I come from a crack in the ground, a hole in the wall
And dog when the crack ain't around, the smokers'll brawl
Streets like a bullet in cancer, it'll swallow you up
Or eat you from the inside and hollow you up
And everyday like a test, you know life got rules
And its sorta like checkers and chess
I went to school and took the lessons punk
Know a pawn get kinged, a bishop get juiced
A rook get jumped
Faggot niggas took the easy route
They either coked out, smoked out, doped out
Niggas took the needle route
And I ain't tryin to take either route
I'm tryin to stop get weeded out
Really, tryin to weed it out
No the flipside we choosin your way
Like gettin fat from losin the weight
Or losing that from, usin the weight
I feel like I'm speeding and I'm 'bout to crash
No where to go and I'm gettin there fast
(girl singing)
Ooouu hooouu, got nowhere
Ooouu hooouu, I got nowhere to
Ooouu hooouu, got nowhere
Ooouu hooouu, I got nowhere to ruuuuunnnnnnn
(man speaking, girl singing throughout)
We in the streets player get your mail
There's only two places to go, we either dead or in jail
What the...
(girl singing)
Ooouu hooouu, I got nowhere
Eh yo I'm caught up in the system where the blind lead the blind
And this artist only speaks on the signs of the time
And I pop pills in purple rain to state my pain
They say I'm just like my father, bold and too cold
But you know thats how a thug ride
I send a kite through a dove in a jail where the thugs cry
I feel your pain when you restrained and your love die
And make your heart hard, the blood in your vein fry
Feel like I'm trapped and I'm blindfolded
But my eyes wide open to see it
Feel like the O'Jay's, climbin those stairways hopin
Heaven's gates wide open for me
Look towards a lie, Sige in direction
Still I spin in every direction, seekin directions
Tryin to balance out the good with the imperfections
Yeah I know I still move with nowhere to go
It seems like we grind from the bottom
Just to make it to the bottom to see faces of the people that I shot
When I get high late night, flow through the bottom
My aunt's house, one of the places that I stopped
See she just died, she got cancer from smokin and drinkin
The same shit that I'm drinkin and smokin
I can't lie, wish life would just open its handcuffs
And let me go, I feel like I'm doin a bit
I can't slide, so what I'm a rapper?
I can't escape the wrath of Allah
If I crash up my whip or get, blast in the jaw
Prick, mastered his fifth
I might go triple platinum, become a household name
After a long day of out of town work make my way to the plane
Plane fast in the tenth
Hear mayday, mayday, control's outta work
How the hell can life end like this? Nowhere to go




I lift my hands in total praise
Amen, amen
Amen, amen
Amen, amen
Amen (Hallelujah, the Lord Jesus)
Amen (Come on altos, sing your song)
Amen, amen
Amen, amen
Amen, amen
Amen, amen (Come on all the tenors, come on, sing your song to the king)
Amen, amen
Amen, amen
Amen, amen (This soul)
Amen, amen (My deliverance is soul, my healing is soul)
Amen, amen (Shall be done)
Amen, amen (Sing it to me, sing!)
Amen, amen
Amen, amen
Yo... yea!
"Show 'em how to move in a-"
"Show 'em how to move in a-"
"Show 'em how to move in a-"
"Show 'em how to-" "Show 'em how to-"
"Show 'em how to move in a-"
"Show 'em how to move in a-"
Yo, yea...
It's that Dirty Money...
Yeah, it's that Dirty Money
Babe... (Babe...)
I wanna wake up in the morning to your face... (face...)
I'm fucked to buy you love, I swear and that's a game... (that's a game...)
Tell me deep down that you feel the same... (feel the same...)
The same way... (The same way...)
Ohh babe... (Ohh babe...)
I know when in my heart my life gon' change... (change...)
That's why I'm playin along with ya game... (with ya game...)
All this shit here got me feelin strange... (strange...)
Oooh BAAAAAAABE
You make my love come down, you make my love come down
I feel you love me now, I feel you love me now
You make my LOVE come down! You make my LOVE come down!
I feel you love me now, I feel you love me now
(It's that Dirty Money)
Babe... (Babe...)
You got me caught up in this love game... (game...)
The funny thing is that I don't mind playin... (mind playin...)
I'm in it for the win, so whatchu sayin? (whatchu sayin?)
I'm ready... (I'm ready...)
Ohh babe... (Ohh babe...)
My heart's on overload and you're the blame... (blame...)
Lookin for a future with you babe... (babe...)
Willing to give me your last name... (name...)
Ooh baaaaaaaa-baaaaay
You are now listenin to the sounds of Dirty Money
{You are now listening to the sounds, of Dirty Money}
Yo, turn me up a lil' bit
Aiyyo, check this out..
London, Paris, where we goin next?
Shit~! I don't know, what planet would you suggest? (Don't stop)
Wherever we go you just bring a little dress
And I'll just take care o'all the rest (Let's go)
I feel like affection, I'm givin you my best
I'm underestimated as the greatest one left
So if you ready to fly, better take a deep breath
I put you in the sky and take yo' heart up outcha chest
Now you got me goin in... -- (in-sane)
We can sit under the sun until your skin change
Now whatchu REALLY know about ownin a big plane?
Landin on the Autobahn's, come with champagne
Ain't that a damn shame? C'mon
I want a feeling I can feel
I want a love, I know, is real
I can't believe, this is happenin to me
Baby right here is where I wanna BEEEEEEE...
{You are now listening to the sounds, of Dirty Money}
You make my love come down... {Dirty Money Crew}
I feel you love me now... Oh-oh!
Aiyyo, aiyyo
I ain't finished wit you
Now the funny thing is that the world stop spinnin
When my energy in the air
You could sell the world twice, still never compare
+Been Around the World+ so many times, I got my own atmosphere
Now, London, Paris, where we goin next?
I don't know, what planet would you suggest?
Wherever we go you just bring a little dress
And I'll just take care o'all the rest
Dirty Money, c'mon
(Baby, can you love me dooooooooooooooown?)
Baby, can you love me down?
(Everything, you give me alllllllllllll)
Can you give me all
I told you we was gon' make moves, baby
(Baby, can you love me dooooooooooooooown?)
It's Dirty Money, motherfuckers
{Dirty Money Crew}
*fades*

I got lung, take another ounce (Ah)
Runnin' through the clouds
I can hear my thoughts so loud
I can hear their drums so loud
Do you like the way it sounds?
Feel like I've been gone for a while
But there ain't no turnin' back now
People washed away in droves
Those drums, not those drugs
Do you like the way it sounds?

Oh (Sweet), amazing
Crystal sweet (Sweet)
And I know that, I know that, I know for myself (Sweet)
He is, He's so (Sweet)
He is mighty, mighty (Sweet)
Sweet (Sweet), Taste and see (Sweet)
He is (Sweet), He is (Sweet)
So (Sweet), so sweet (Sweet)
So sweet (Sweet), so sweet (Sweet, sweet), yeah (Sweet, sweet)
And I know (Sweet), and I know (Sweet), and I know (Sweet), and I know (Sweet)
And I know (Sweet), know, know (Sweet), know, know, know, know (Sweet, sweet)
I know (Ohh)
Sweet, oh
Sweet, oh
Sweet, mm, and I don't know what to say
I can't move all by myself (Sweet)
Mhm (Sweet), mhm (Sweet)
Mhm (Sweet)
And I show it (Ahh)
... proclaim
Jesus, Jesus name
And this in Jesus' name
Your name, we proclaim (Yeah, yeah)
Everybody in here
Throw your hands in the air
Ch-ch- cheer, ch-ch-cheer
He died for us
The Devil lied to us
But we know God gon' be the one that ride for us
We need him more, we work from one to four
Locked up, now it's one and three
Thirteenth amendment, end it on me, that's free
Set my people free, set my people free, free
Jesus gon' set my people free, free
Set my people free, set my people free, free
Thirteenth amendment, gotta end it, that's on me (Uh, huh)
Set my people free, set my people free, free
Set my people free, set my people free, free
Thirteenth amendment, gotta end it
Thirteenth amendment, gotta end it
Jesus set my people free
Jesus set my people free
Jesus set my people free
Jesus set my people free

Don’t want nobody to die
Don’t want to have to ride but in this game
I guess that’s just the way, I guess that’s just the way
Have it your way
It’s gonna be slow singing, flower bringing
Gat clinging, bat swinging, bullets flyin’, niggas dyin’
Mom’s cryin, faggots really don’t want it
Lead coming, blood gushin from ya arms, legs, head and stomach
I felt the hatred, cause when I turned around like the Matrix
Comin for me, an array of bullets headin dead for me
First the one, and then came the two and three and four
Five, six, seven, shots from a mac 11
Platinum producer killed by haters tonight on Channel 7
He do beats for 2Pac, now coming out the spring from Heaven
Ya know my piece is, hotter than grease is
With no wrong way to eat ya face like a Reese’s
Seem like the second I get some shine
Niggas quit they fuckin’ job so they can hate full time
So, gimme the gat, I hit em wit that
Cock back, blat blat
Let me tell you niggas something familiar
Broke niggas don’t want war, man I’ll kill ya
Don’t want nobody to die
Don’t want to have to ride but in this game
I guess that’s just the way, I guess that’s just the way
Have it your way
Oh oh, I get it, this year, niggas don’t dance
But just rock bulletproof hats and steel pants
Now everybody got a gun in they hand, yeah bitch nigga run to ya man
Street sweeper aerials fuck where they land
Niggas close they eyes and don’t aim like My bitch when she pop champagne
Bottles, I tell you bout them damn models
They can’t cook for a lick, but they’ll lick a dick and swallow
Look I been living my life, Bullshittin’ when I write songs
Especially talkin’ bout havin’ ice on and I could barely keep my lights on
Niggas played me like Ty-Son, trying to take my light songs
Cuse they know I’d knock niggas the fuck out the box
Full Glocks, the fuck out the box, cocked
Who the fuck tryin to box right now?
I feel like, my whole city on my back
I feel like, next year, my whole city on the map
Don’t want nobody to die
Don’t want to have to ride but in this game
I guess that’s just the way, I guess that’s just the way
Have it your way
I’m from, Chi town, where the raps the realest
The tracks gorilla, we got the millas and we’ll be at ya scrilla
Close your doors, lock your windows
We be at them execs for them back end checks
Now, We on the court, and we got next up
Now, This summer we got benz, we got Lex truck
It’s kinda like trading places huh? I never plug
But I’m guilty by association, so gangstas show me love
For that track I did, yeah I know, the rest the album wack as shit
Ooooh, its Kanye to the with that platinum shit, ya punk bitch
Don’t want nobody to die
Don’t want to have to ride but in this game
I guess that’s just the way, I guess that’s just the way
Have it your way
Fuck you, it's the alien
It's the monster and I don't know what to say to him
I got a date again, I was late again
Head up ate it then, and I was faded then
Well fuck it then, got a gun, tuck it then
Real friends, ya' stuck with them

I invented "save a hoe", save the flow
I invented going broke, I didn't save the dough
But they paid me though
Ain't it though, and the most hated though
Fuck, yeah, yeah, A$AP, eh, Ferg

Niggas still ridin' in the Buick, lookin' all stupid
Lookin' foolish


Damn, here we go again
Common passed on this beat, I made it to a jam
Now everything I'm not, made me everything I am
Damn, here we go again
People talking shit, but when shit hit the fan
Everything I'm not, made me everything I am
I'll never be picture perfect Beyoncé
Be light as Al B., or black as Chaun-cey
Remember him from Blackstreet, he was as black as the street was
I never be as laid back as this beat was
I never could see why people reach a
Fake ass facade that they couldn't keep up
You see how I creeped up
You see how I played the big role in "Chicago" like Queen Latifah
I never rock a mink coat in the sum-time like Killa Cam
Or rock some mi-mink boots in the winter time like Will.I.Am
Let me know if you feel it man
I just messed up on my rap, live TV like damn
But hey, hey here we again yeah
He-here we go again
People talking this but when this hit the fan
Everything I'm not made me
Now break it down
Yo, off the top of the dome, dome
Shout out to Chi-town where I call home
Coast to coast, LA to New York to London to Paris
Shout out to Barry
That's my security guard
Cause my rhymes is hard
Listen up I got to praise god
For the number one spot that I got cause I'm hot
And everything I am cause of everything I was not
Cause I never was shot
They said I'd never make raps to hit the block
Or never sold a crack rock
But now everybody on the jock
And I got the game lock
Everybody bring it back
With the rap I don't know how to act I go crazy
Backstage, Beyoncé and Jay-Z
And LeBron and I'm gone
I'm the don, number one
Keep going going on
Got to keep it going on
I keep goin' goin' goin' yeah
I keep flowin' flowin' flowin'
Yo, I meant to freestyle, I meant to mess up
Y'all meant to dress up
Ay yo, I'm fresh up
Who fresher than Mr. West uh
No-no-no-no-nobody I'm talking all y'all right now
The blogs, the blogs
Yo, they try to dis me
But they can not see I'm on Saturday Night getting busy
Y'all wish ya can be me, hey mama can you see me?
Hey daddy can you see me?
I'm rocking on your TV
Y'all thought they'd never let me back in NBC, see?
La La La Laaaa
I was on top of the mountain
I was on top of the world
I thought I'd never come down
I thought I'd always be up in the clouds
With the wind in my hair
And no worries or cares
But the higher you are
Then the harder you fall
And I fell to the ground
And I reached out for help
And nobody around
And I'm
Falling
Falling, I'm
Falling
Falling, I'm
Falling
Falling
I was inside of a valley
Beggin' for someone to save me
Cryin' for help every night
Hoping that someone would come to my rescue
And see that I'm hurting
But here in the valley
You're all on your own
And you've got to confess
Confess to your soul
Or your personal demons
That eat your whole
So I look to the sky
When I thought I was dyin'
And it must have been God's
Grace on my side
Cause I saw through the shadows
The glory, His light
And I knew that if I could
Just get through the night
I'd be
Flyin'
Flyin', I'm
Flyin'
Flyin', I'm
Flyin'
Flyin'
But I found my strength in the valley
I found my grace in the valley
I found my faith in the valley
So thank God for the valley
Cause I found my grace in the valley
And I found my grace in the valley
And he brought me out of the valley
But thank God for the valley
Cause I found my faith in the valley
All day, nigga
(Dance, ayy, ayy ayy ayy)
All day, nigga
How long you niggas ball? All day, nigga
How much time you spent at the mall? All day, nigga
How many runners do you got on call? All day, nigga (swish, swish)
How long they keep you in court? All day, nigga
Take you to get this fly? All day, nigga
Tell your P.O. how-how long you been high? All day, nigga
You already know I'm straight from the Chi, all day, nigga
South, south side! All day, nigga
This Ye, nigga
Shoppin' for the winter and it's just May, nigga
Ball so hard, man, this shit cray, nigga
And you ain't gettin' money 'less you got eight figures
For that Jesus piece, man, I've been saved, nigga
Just talked to Farrakhan, that's sensei, nigga
Told him I've been on ten since the 10th grade, nigga
Got a middle finger longer than Dikembe, my nigga, uh
I don't let 'em play with me
I don't let 'em talk to me no kind of way
Uh, they better watch what they say to me
Niggas still gettin' popped on the day to day
Yeah, I still got the hundred with the small face, nigga
Might spend 50 racks on my off day, nigga
You a fake Denzel like the Allstate nigga
If you run into me, better have Allstate with yah
You a Rico Suave nigga
Ride 'round listen to Sade, nigga
If you ain't with us, you in our way, nigga
You an actor, you should be on Broadway, nigga
Cause you do shit the broad way, nigga
Your bitch got a ass, but my broad way thicker
Late for the class, in the hallway, nigga
Yeah, the dropout at it as always nigga, as always
All day, nigga

All day, nigga
How-h-how long you ball? All day, nigga
How much time you spent at the mall? All day, nigga
How long it take you to get this fly, fly? All day, nigga
Tell your P.O. how-how long you been high, high? All day, nigga
Pour some Hen out for my niggas that died, all day, nigga
And I keep a bad bitch on the passenger side, all day, nigga
And you already know that a nigga from the Chi, all day, nigga
South, south, south side, side! All day, nigga
I could do this all day, boy
You know I wanna get down (yeah)
Like a light skinned slave, boy
We in the mothafuckin' house! (ayy)
Don't really matter what I make, boy
You know I still go wild
They need that Ye in the streets, boy
There's been a mothafuckin' drought
24/7, 365 days, everybody gettin' paid
People lookin' at me like I'm worth both MJs
Made the release date a police date
People sayin', "Ye, Ye, take it easy"
20 Gs for the Yeezys off of eBay
Niggas do the most and they ain't done shit
Only way I can sum it up, sumbitch


All day, nigga


Get low, alright
All day, nigga
Get low, alright
All day, nigga
Get low, alright
All day, nigga
Get low, alright
All day, nigga
South, south, south side, side!
All day, nigga
Do you feel that I'm feeling?
Do, do you feel that I’m being free
And I'm thinking free?
Yes
Do, do—
I actually don't think you’re thinking anything
Baby, we're gonna try and see (Conductor)
If we're still here
(Conductor, Conductor, Conductor)




First the Fat Boys break up, now every day I wake up
Somebody got a problem with Hov'
What's up? Cats all fed up cause I got a little cheddar
And my record's movin' out the store?
Young cats gettin' at me, young rappers spittin' at me
My homie Big predicted this thing exactly
"Mo' Money, Mo' Problems"- gotta move carefully
Cause cat hate when you getting money like athletes
Young'ns ice-grilling me, ohh - you not feeling me?
Fine; it cost you nothing - pay me no mind
Look, I'm on my grind, cousin, ain't got time for fronting
Sensitive thugs, they all need hugs
Damn little man I'm just trying do me
If the record's two mil you know I'm trying move three
Get a couple of chicks, get 'em to try to do E
Hopefully they'll ménage before I reach my garage
I don't want much, yo I drove every car
Some nice cooked food, some nice clean drawers
Bird-ass niggas I don't mean to ruffle y'all
I know you waiting in the wing but I'm doing my thing
Where's the love?
(Ain't no love, in the heart of the city)
I said where's the love?
(Ain't no love, in the heart of town)
And then the Fugees gonna break up, now everyday I wake up
Somebody got something to say
What's all the fussing for? Because I'm grubbing more
And I pack heat like I'm the oven door?
They pray and pray on my downfall
But every time I hit the ground I bounce up like roundball
Now I don't wanna have to kill soundboys
Don't wanna have to cock back the four pound boy
Look scrapper I got nephews to look after
I'm not looking at you dudes, I'm looking past ya
I thought I told you cats I'm not a rapper
Can I live? I told you in '96
That I came to take this shit and I did, handle my biz
I scramble like Randall with his
Cunningham but the only thing running is numbers fam
Jigga held you down 6 summers; damn, where's the love?
(Ain't no love, in the heart of the city)
Ok I feel you ma, I said where's the love?
(Ain't no love, in the heart of town)
Everybody let's take em to church
(Ain't no love, in the heart of the city
Ain't no love, in the heart of town)
Then Richard Pryor gon' and burn up and Ike and Tina
Turner
Break up then I wake up to more bullsh
You knew me before records, you never disrespected me
Now that I'm successful you'll pull this sh
Nigga I'll step on your porch, step to your boss
Let's end the speculation, I'm talking to all of y'all
Males shouldn't be jealous that's a female trait
What you mad cause you push dimes and he sell weight?
Y'all don't know my expenses, I gotta buy bigger plates
Hehehe, and more baggies, why you all aggie?
Nigga respect the game, that should be it
What you eat don't make me sh - where's the love?
(Ain't no love, in the heart of the city)
I said where's the love?
(Ain't no love, in the heart of town)
(I said it ain't no)
Ain't no
(I said it ain't no)
Ain't no
(I said it ain't no)
Ain't no
(I said it ain't no love in the heart of town)
Ain't no
I like that start again
(I said it ain't no)
Ain't no
(I said it ain't no)
Ain't no
(I said it ain't no)
Ain't no
(I said it ain't no ain't no ain't no love)
(Ain't no love, in the heart of the city)
(Ain't no love, in the heart of town)
(Ain't no)
Ain't no
Uh huh
Ain't no
(Ain't no love)
Everybody give it up for Jagwar Wright come on
That's all you baby that's all you
That's all Jay
Yeah right
This is a classic, just add this to the rest of them

Ma$e said c'mon, Mike said chamone
Started up early like Raven-Symoné
Keisha Knight-Pull, Emmanuel
I dropped out of school with no manual
Nothin' handed to dude but did I complain
Every time magazines try to taint my name
But ya'll can't hold me down like restraint
I took the T off out the word can't
'round same time when Nas said I can
Bush for sendin' our fam to Iran
I'm in the club with a henny ass in my other hand
Lord please forgive me, I'm just a man
Right now I'm trying to make some adjustments
Before they do me like they did Janet and Just' and 'em
Me and my cuz and them
Trying to rap like bust and them
And my clothes was busted and bummy
But I ain't eva, eva, accept no money from these so called sponsors
They was in Benzes, I was in Hondas
Now I wonder where they all at like Ananda
Hmm... yea... that something to ponder
The money I make on this one's for Donda
That's West to you, you the next
I can't hold my breath for you
What you need to do is turn it up some decibels
And put some more zeroes in front of that decimal, nigga
Arm frozen on, diamonds and all
Maserati, Bugatti that rode in on
Different color Louis open toes and all
I try to tell the chick don't expose it all
Country dudes mouth full of gold and all
Bay area chick, cornrows and all
I do it right, I do my wife
I leave the hoes for y'all
From the boutique, I might close the mall
I drink my Geico and turn it Gecko
I wave the Roley, you wave the Seiko, need I say mo'
More diamond than LisaRaye
I'm no replica, I am the DNA
Breeze cool, leave you like a hurricane
Somebody get killed, the whole borough blame
M.A. dollar, what a thorough name
No matter who comes through, I'm forever the king
I shoulda neva left the game, that's what a cutie said
Still chicks throwin' me up like newly wed
I'm grown and sexy, done with the groupie head
In the milk white Phantom seats, and ruby red
You heard the rumor, listen to the facts
I drop my cars in pairs like pitty pat
When I'm done with this track, it feel like biggie back
The game is country
I came to bring the city back
I came, I came to bring the city back




Kanye to the
I ask God to help me fly away
And if not
Then please keep your eye on me
These niggas is bringing out the worst side of me
When you wired me
You inspired me
To become the higher me
These execs
All want the details
How I made the world bounce like
Full messages on e-mails
But they hiding something like she-males
So
We still
Pull up in Sprewells
The ice and me chill
Like Goldmember, I love gold
What's the point to gain the world if you lose your soul
Now
Niggas forcing me to keep the heat up
Black strap, white handle, I got jungle fever
I went platinum
And I don't rap guns
My diamonds is whiter than Michael Jackson's
Me and Miri make music you can hold in time
So take a second to listen it may blow your mind
Hip hop, uh
When I fight and you fight, we don't fight fair
So I guess I'll see you in my nightmares
Just remember I made you like my Nike Air
Ye-Yeezys, please be easy
To kill the animosity that's in the air
I'll touch every curve of your body like a Herve Leger
And this wasn't no ordinary love
Our sex wasn't ordinary drugs
It's that crack, that crystal meth
I mean it gets so wet, I had to go in depth
I mean the bitch so fresh I had to go in debt
Ru-running my credit card 'til there's no more left
Uh but that's cool, you wife and I'll be groom
I thought I had a sign a Seal like Heidi Klum
Like Jay and B, like Chris and Ri
But this Christmas you'll be missing me


Madonna and Child
Mothers birthdate
Saint West
L.T.W
Dragon
Scroll
North West's Birthdate
Runnin' from the scene, Hammer in my jeans
Dead bodies behind me, the cops'll never find me
Arm & Hammer Clean on my way to the honeycombe
Hustle all night tell my bitch I'm never coming home
Be there in the morning, stop cryin' bitch
The sun is home, drop it on the living room table
Bitch the money home, I know you ain't gon' stay once the money gone
So while I'm rich I pull my dick and get my fuckin' on
Youngin' on some real "Gangsta Gangsta" shit
Blame it on the neighborhood I was sanctioned in
But I'mma make sure we get them acres
Tell 'em fuck computers, we good with paper
Tell 'em fuck the world cause I'm hood by nature
Feelin' that way is how the hood'll make ya
The hood is vacant, the streets are empty, yeah
Mr. Bush, rebuild the city, but
Yeah, over like yesterday floatin' to the floodgates
This is New Orleans, welcome to the blood state
A blood bath, and you ain't nothin' but tub bait
No political justice not even the judge safe
If his ass can't swim he get a closed case
We need our own space, I ain't talkin' about Jupiter
No luck, no help and we the fuckin' future
I'm a hoosier, usually the cool one
But when I need it, I turn into a looter
God forgive, but do he forgive the brutal
Even when it's for the better of your junior
Soon you see that life's just another movie
And the main character dies at the end, usually
There's nothin' that haven't been done that you can do to me
I been hit, I been shot nigga shoot at me!
Yeah, money on the mind, murder in the plans
Disturbin' if you may, but it's dinner for the fam
Hustler by law, support when I can
Hustle when I can, tell me nothing I'm a man
Smell my shit as I walk off the stand
Nuts to my feet with my heart in my hand
Pardon my G, but I'm one of a kind
Been shot two times, here to put it in a rhyme
Slow lane, move the Coupe like a 5
If I get pulled over, bitch I'm gon' do time
And I know my niggas love me, but they can't do mine
So I gotta be smart, get bread or get behind
Get lost or get in line
But the carpet's still fine
So keep tryin', the whole world turnin' back
But we keep tryin' until we get our piece, no piece
Keep Firin'
Bah






Boy, I said it once before
But baby, I'm just making sure
I know that there is nothing more than you
So they can take it all away
I don't need it anyway
I just want another day with you
Some people just don't know what they have
But boy, I'm so glad I got you
Some people say they search all their life
But boy, it's so nice I found you
Some people want it all
I don't want nothing at all
If it ain't you, baby
If I ain't got you, baby
Some people want diamond rings
Some just want everything
It means nothing, nothing
If I ain't got you
Ooh, you you you
Ooh, you you you
Ooh, you you you, you you you, you you you
So people looking forward to
The things they can't afford to do
All I'm looking forward to is you
You could never sacrifice
Boy, you know I'm really fine
I would even give my life for you
Some people just don't know what they have
But boy, I'm so glad I got you
Some people say they search all their life
But boy, it's so nice I found you
Some people want it all
I don't want nothing at all
If it ain't you, baby
If I ain't got you, baby
Some people want diamond rings
Some just want everything
It means nothing nothing
If I ain't got you
Ooh, you you you
Ooh, you you you
Ooh, you you you, you you you, you you you
Ooh, you you you
Ooh, you you you
Ooh, you you you, you you you, you you you
Uh, yeah
That's how I feel
I wanna say more, but...
The last record I did with Kanye
Talked your ear off so, haha
All I wanna say is...
Baby, baby
Nothing in this whole wide world
Don't mean a thing
I ain't got you with me, baby
Some people want it all
I don't want nothing at all
If it ain't you, baby
If I ain't got you, baby
Some people want diamond rings
Some just want everything
It means nothing nothing
If I ain't got you
Ooh, you you you
Ooh, you you you
Ooh, you you you, you you you, you you yo
For my theme song (black)
My leather black jeans on (black)
My by-any-means on
Pardon, I'm getting my scream on (black)
Enter the kingdom (black)
But watch who you bring home
They see a black man with a white woman
At the top floor they gone come to kill King Kong
Middle America packed in (black)
Came to see him and his black kin (black)
My homie was number one draft pick
They still burned his jersey in Akron
If I don't get ran out by Catholics
Here come some conservative Baptists
Saying he overreactin'
Like them black kids in Chiraq bitch
Four in the morning, and I’m zoning
Think I'm possessed, it's an omen
I keep it 300, like the Romans
300 bitches, where the Trojans?
Baby we livin' in the moment
Baby we livin' in the moment
Baby we livin' in the moment
Baby we livin' in the moment
So follow me up cause this shit 'bout to go down
I'm doing 500, I'm outta control now
And nowhere to go now
But there's no way to slow down
Runnin' outta time
Just close your eyes and enjoy the crash
Four in the mornin', and I'm zonin'
I think I'm possessed, it's an omen
I keep it 300, like the Romans
300 bitches, where the Trojans?
Baby, we livin' in the moment
I've been a menace for the longest
But I ain't finished, I'm devoted
And you know it, and you know it
Stop all that coon shit
Early morning cartoon shit
This is that goon shit
Fuck up your whole afternoon shit
I'm aware I'm a wolf
Soon as the moon hit
I'm aware I'm a king
Back out the tomb bitch
Black out the room, bitch
Stop all that coon shit
These niggas ain't doin' it
Them niggas ain't doin' it
What do you say to a masked man
This Inglorious Bastard that’s rapping
We might have to burn this whole shit down
Like the theater that Hitler was trapped in
Four in the mornin', and I'm zonin'
I think I'm possessed, it's an omen
300 girls, and we know it
300 girls, and I'm zonin'
Baby, we livin' in the moment
Baby, we livin' in the moment
Baby, we know it, keep it goin'
Keep it goin', keep it goin'
So follow me up cause this shit 'bout to go down
I'm doing 500, I'm outta control now
But there's nowhere to go now
And there's no way to slow down
Runnin' outta time - movin' fast
Just close your eyes and enjoy the crash
Ooh, I'm gon’ some to do it
I can get this shit, no problem (Eh)
I can get this shit, no problem
Even Batman needed Robin
Even Jordan needed Rodman
I can get this shit, no problem (Eh)
I can get this shit, no problem
Even Batman needed Robin
Even Jordan needed Rodman
I can bag a bitch, no problem
Glock 26, solve problems
I need more money, less problems
And I hit a bitch with no condom
I can bag a bitch, no problem
I can get this shit, no problem (Uh)
I can bag a bitch, no problem
Even Jordan needed Rodman (Hey)


I can get this shit, no problem (Eh)
I can get this shit, no problem
Even Batman needed Robin
Even Jordan needed Rodman
I can get this shit, no problem (Eh)
I can get this shit, no problem
Even Batman needed Robin
Even Jordan needed Rodman
I can bag a bitch, no problem
Glock 26, solve problems
I need more money, less problems
And I hit a bitch with no condom
I can bag a bitch, no problem
I can get this shit, no problem
I can bag a bitch, no problem
Even Jordan needed Rodman (Hey)
I can get this shit, no problem (Eh)
I can get this shit, no problem
Even Batman needed Robin
Even Jordan needed Rodman
Man I promise, when I get old enough
I'mma buy you a limo, and we gon' go to Red Lobster
And you can get all the.. all the lobster tail that you want
Cause I'ma be rich! Yeah I'ma be rich, uhh...
When you make that money boy
They say don't you forget 'em
When you make that money boy
They say don't you forget 'em
When you make that money boy
They say don't you forget 'em
When you make that money boy
They say don't you forget 'em
Don't forget 'em, don't don't forget 'em
Don't forget 'em, don't don't forget 'em
Don't forget 'em, don't don't forget 'em
Don't forget 'em, Cons don't forget 'em
I finally got my first real money
So should I turn Hollywood? I probably could
And turn my back on the hood
And never go back, but I ain't with that
See this is where I learned to rap
And this is where I learned to scrap
And this is how I learned to stack
Penny by penny and bit by bit
Watchin the older heads move brick by brick
And one hand would wash the other
And one aunt would watch your brother
And your father wound up watchin your mother
And the prettiest smile you ever discovered
Becomes when you call her face
And your second cousin lost his case
They gave him 25-to-life, what a waste
And they tryin to pay your lawyer, but they just ignore ya
So he ended up goin upstate, uhh
When you make that money boy
They say don't you forget 'em
When you make that money boy
They say don't you forget 'em
When you make that money boy
They say don't you forget 'em
When you make that money boy
They say don't you forget 'em
Don't forget 'em, don't don't forget 'em
Don't forget 'em, don't don't forget 'em
Don't forget 'em, don't don't forget 'em
Don't forget 'em, Cons don't forget 'em
I finally got my first real money so of course they all
Up in my grill cause they need help with the bills
And I'm like "Homey just chill
I got you my nig, just let me get big"
And I promise I'll be back, cause I need the feedback
And the honesty every time that you react
Cause nothin can buy that, nothin provides that
'Cept when you drive back
And cruise through the blocks of the hood you're from
To holla at your folks, that's the rule of thumb
Cause y'all came up together, y'all was crew from young
But some of them went on to abuse them drugs
Confusin love, for they addiction
Now they out there on a mission
And lost sight of the do's and don'ts
But I'll be wrong if I forgot so I won't
When you make that money boy
They say don't you forget 'em
When you make that money boy
They say don't you forget 'em
When you make that money boy
They say don't you forget 'em
When you make that money boy
They say don't you forget 'em
Don't forget 'em, don't don't forget 'em
Don't forget 'em, don't don't forget 'em
Don't forget 'em, don't don't forget 'em
Don't forget 'em, Cons don't forget 'em
You are me, and I am you
And I won't ever forget, word
Uhh
When you make that money boy
They say don't you forget 'em
When you make that money boy
They say don't you forget 'em
When you make that money boy
They say don't you forget 'em
When you make that money boy
They say don't you forget 'em
Don't forget 'em, don't don't forget 'em
Don't forget 'em, don't don't forget 'em
Don't forget 'em, don't don't forget 'em
Don't forget 'em, Cons don't forget 'em












Ha-ha ha-ha ooh...
You know we've been struggling for such a long time
Working here and there just to get by
It's finally time for me to get mine
No more robbing Peter so we can pay Paul (oh no)
Or going to Mama's house to make a phone call (no no)
No we don't have to struggle at all
Cuz now every day is feeling like Friday (Friday)
I'm getting paid and doing it my way (my way)
We're finally on our way
Baby now it's time to celebrate
Oh live it up, we can go crazy
Live it up, you and me baby
Live it up, live it up, live it up
We're flying high, don't wanna come down
We'll let 'em know all over town and
Live it up, live it up, live it up
No more putting it in the layaway (away)
Cause Boo I got the money today (today)
Come on and go to the mall and let's play (play)
Let's go raise a toast to the days ahead (ahead)
You can't take it with you when you're dead (dead)
You might as well enjoy it now instead (instead)
Oh now, it's about to be a long evening (yeah yeah)
We'll party through the rest of the weekend (come on)
We're finally on our way
Baby now it's time to celebrate
Oh live it up, we can go crazy
Live it up, you and me baby
Live it up, live it up, live it up
We're flying high, don't wanna come down
We'll let 'em know all over town and
Live it up, live it up, live it up
We can fly so high in the moonlit sky
Cause there's no more cloudy days
It's so beautiful, when you feel the flow
We can dance the night away
Do you remember when times were hard? Oh so hard
Through it all, we've come so far
(Ha-ha ha-ha ooh)
So we gotta live it up
So we can just celebrate there's no more pain
Raise your glass and feel no shame
(Ha-ha ha-ha ooh)
Oh so we gotta live it up
Oh live it up, we can go crazy
Live it up, you and me baby
Live it up, live it up, live it up
We're flying high, don't wanna come down
We'll let 'em know all over town and
Live it up, live it up, live it up
Oh it's time to celebrate baby
(Ha-ha ha-ha ooh)
Said we don't have to worry no more
We don't have to struggle no more
(Ha-ha ha-ha ooh)
So does it feel good to you?
I know it feels good to you, yea
(Ha-ha ha-ha ooh)
Hmm, we don't have worry no more
We don't have to struggle no more, yea
(Ha-ha ha-ha ooh)
It's time to celebrate baby
Yeah we gotta live it up







Since the truth keep niggas traumatized
They tryna compromise my condom size
So I Snapchat that whole shit
Tryna see titties, tryna show dick
And I swear to God I hope they post it
I'm blessed
Even though I get slammed with lawsuits like car doors
See three P.O.'s like Star Wars
They want me by the road holding up cardboard
So I go extra hard on the hard floor
Right now, I'm calling you from my home gym
Right after that, nigga, I'm gon' swim
Just did a couple laps in my home pool
And my daughter right there getting home-schooled
I'm blessed
And I was thinking 'bout starting up my own school
A Montessori
And the hallway looking like a monastery, oh yes
I'm way up, I feel blessed


Good morning
Good morning
Good morning
Good morning


Good morning
Good morning
Good morning
Good morning
Got me doing the things that I do, do
Ain't nobody treat me like you do, you
Keep me held down, when no one else is around
You show me love

Game gettin' unusual man
Go to war like Bush for change
You don't know, then you's a lame
(Man, I'm the pusha man)
Man, I'm the pusha man
(Man, I'm the pusha man)
You don't know, then you's a lame
Man, I'm the pusha man

Hundred niggas gonna follow and the models
If it don't make dollars then it don't make sense, lame
Since the birth been hustlin'
I don't hurt for nothin'
Get rid of bricks like I work construction
If I ever kick off, front line with the iron, I'm the first one bustin'
If you ever run up I'mma hurt you cousin
Swisher Sweet full of that purple stuff then
Bump is on and it hurts you doesn't it?
Chump
I got my...
How can you say Kan is so pompous?
You ain't been to his concerts?
You just talking that nonsense
He in the same league Nas is
Or Jay is
My favorite
A lot of people say that's where 'Ye is
Though a freshman still the West man
One of the best, man, like Taye Diggs
And I was oh so patient
While niggas straight disrespectin' him
So I did what they ain't expect from him
Dropped The Dropout and blazed 'em
And ain't nobody feel my pain
Until the hits that I came with
I'm Kanye not Kayne
But to you, I'm Rick James bitch

"Check out my melody"- Eric B. & Rakim
In the R-O-C
The official remix
Part two
Now you know who she is
Get familiar
Young princess of the Roc
Teairra Mari
I told y'all
We gets busy
Ye!
It's Kanyeezy with Teairra-airra-airra-airra
Gucci sweater
Louis leather
You was never
Where groupies ever
Or goofies ever
So it's only right you pull up in the two seater or better
Uh
Teairra Remix
I keep sip sippin' on somethin like Three 6
And keep keep the conflicts out the Jesus
Pieces
This is no wrong way to rock when you rollin' with the Roc uh
Let's get it poppin' or we go shoppin'
We back on the top 10
We can afford things again
See they too much effort, we too much better
It take 'em two months to do what?!
We do whatever
Hypno, Cris though, I mean whatever
Saracco Moscato it do taste better
I know what them girls like
I know it ain't easy
I know it ain't every day you will run into Yeezy

Do I have to tell a nigga how to touch me?
Do I have to tell a nigga how to hold me?
Do I have to tell a nigga when to call me?
Do I have to tell a nigga I'm lonely?
Do I have to feel wrong when it ain't strong?
Keep my mouth closed? (Huh huh huh)
Can't a girl from the hood find a homey
That ain't just tryin' to hang around me?
Do I have to show a nigga I'm a woman?
Do I have to apologize for my emotions?
Do I have to tell a nigga what to say to me
Every time he wanna get next to me?
Do I have to settle for a cap back K-Swiss stroke his ego?
(Mmh girl no)
Can't a chick from the hood find a homey
That wanna do more than spend money on me?
Why is it so hard
For a girl like me to find a boy
That really knows how to make a girl feel (girl feel, feel)
Why is it so hard
For a girl like me to find a boy
That really knows how to make a girl feel (girl feel, feel)
I just gotta know
Look, if you don't trust me why the fuck is you with me?
Coming at me on some Jay Z shit, who you with?
Calling my cell, leaving crazy voicemails
Figured you can get me if you called my girl Nikki
But she was with me and I was home at seven fifty
But that was when he got technical with it
Talkin' 'bout he called my house at seven fifty nine
I don't keep up with the time, what the fuck you think I'm lyin'?
It all comes down to you trust me or you won't
The bottom line is you love me or you don't
And do you need me baby?
Yeah you know I do
So you believe me baby?
Yeah for sure I do
Then he gave me a hug, jumped in the trunk and went to work
He managed to leave without getting his feelings hurt
So I sat back, flamed up the weed and thought up
Who the hell done run their mouth and almost got me caught up

Look, I feel bad about the fact that you gotta creep with me
When your man be around, you don't speak to me
When my girl be around, I see you peepin' me
When they both ain't around, you be freakin' me
We used to do it secretly, now you all talk
You tellin' everybody like you wanna get caught
I think my girl catchin' on cause my story keep changin' up
You gotta stop callin' up my crib and hangin' up
Truthfully, if you tellin' people that you doin' me
Then you tellin' me that you don't even wanna screw with me
And that's a shame, I can't even do my thing
You get dick and you go temporarily insane
You think it's a game, but I don't wanna play no more
You wanna stay, but you can't stay no more
You wanna be with K, but that ain't okay no more
You got somethin' to say, but you ain't gotta say no more
I said girl don't you know what you do to me?
She said ("But I don't usually")
I said girl don't you know what you do to me?
She said ("You know I don't usually")
I said girl don't you know what you do to me?
I be hatin' when you actin' brand new to me
I'mma tell your ass now baby truthfully
I ain't told nobody that you doin' me
It seem like fine hoes is hard to find mostly
The type of girls that give you their whereabouts supposedly
And when you check, they ain't never where they're supposed to be
I learned my lesson, now I only fuck hoes that's close to me
Don't get me wrong you still gotta live close to me
This ain't a song I made for ugly hoes to start approachin' me
You know how this go, I diss hoes
I'm very mean now, my Roley face green now, I bring your self esteem down
I knew since the day I met you if I would fuck you or not
So later on I asked my girl how many bitches you got
I never loved you a lot, but then this nigga got turned out
He told his boy that told his boy and now the words out
My man approachin' me with rumors that he heard about
But dude a lame, he probably asked you can he work it out?
I swear y'all, betta keep the game on'em
Yeah y'all now watch me change on'em
Rule one, never tell your nigga who you fucked
And always smile back if he tell you he in love
Rule two, most men try to control you
Take my advice cause its so true what women go through
And rule three you thinkin' he don't cheat and he committed
He still get invitations from the last girl he been with
Bet his ho be mad, I bet she tell you that he hit it
Just check inside his pocket find another bitches digits

Yeah, you know what I'm sayin'
These girls out here be thinkin' they caught up and shit
Fuck that, spend that nigga yo, you know what I'm sayin'
You catch yourself up, you go to him
Let that nigga come to you with no type of evidence, you ain't got shit on you
I'mma do my thing, word up, uh
Pimp on baby
See this in 3D
'Fore life start for me
'Fore life start for me
Thoughts and thoughts to me
80 degrees
Warmin' up to me
I did it free
I did know, indeed
And I run out to sea
I can walk on the water
Honey, I want you
I can float on the water
Father, hold me close
Don't let me down
I know you won't
I chose not to be a slave
Dropped the Wave Runners, now we run the wave
Like we ain't have all the hood rats and mud rats
Like you ain't had 'em, good stats and all that
Nobody gon' ruin me
I just called my wife up, let's get Hoover free
I put all my ice up and my Louis V
I just copped my mom a crib, I'm back over East
Let me get your ear like Holyfield
From the home of Soldier Field
Coming home, that's how a soldier feels
All that killing over, that's just overkill
Yeezy back in the Chi, this that Oprah field
See this in 3D
'Fore life start for me
'Fore life start for me
Thoughts and thoughts to me
80 degrees
Warmin' up to me
I did it free
I did know, indeed
And I run out to sea
I can walk on the water
Honey, I want you
I can float on the water
Father, hold me close
Don't let me down
I know you won't

Niggas can't be serious, man
Yo, yo
Yo I'm the reason metal detectors go off the meter
'Cause I'll run through the airport with the heater
Gets the fag at his plane, and if I miss him
Put two in his brain at the baggage claim
Give him... heavy sluggage, tryna get his luggage
Send him to the crossroads, we way too thuggish
Shit, we at odds 'til we even up
'Til you leave on a stretcher or I leave in cuffs
Niggas wanna live, they done breathed enough
And I bet you next time they'll believe in us
It don't take much brains to know we bust things
My gat must bang, through your Mustang
Ma ma se, ma ma sa, ma ma ku sa
Niggas seen Kanye, red dotted them
Hurry up, stash the guns, the cops gon' come
And we gon' say we don't know who shot at 'em
Come on
All I have is my real niggas (What?)
Get this cash with my real niggas (Come on)
Give my last to my real niggas
Cock back, blast, for my real niggas
All I have is my real niggas
Get this cash with my real niggas (Come on)
Give my last to my real niggas (Come on)
Cock back, blast, for my real niggas

All I have is my real niggas
Get this cash with my real niggas (That's right)
Give my last to my real niggas (Come on)
Cock back, blast, for my real niggas
All I have is my real niggas
Get this cash with my real niggas (Come on)
Give my last to my real niggas (Come on)
Cock back, blast, for my real niggas
I feel like one lady, five babies and four fathers
Six months searchin' for jobs and no offers
No heat 'cept for the stove
Sleep with two layers of clothes, still wakin' up cold
I'm real, like AIDS
Like the pain you feel when your nigga get strained
That's why I got issues like I got pistols
I gotta make your mama cry but I got tissues
I confess, I'm a gangsta
But I drop my flag, still cock back and drop a fag
Leave him in a bag with a tag on his metatarsals
Awfully ill, man, awfully real
Thugged out, but I'm God's property still
And if I up the steel, I'ma probably kill
If not, you're paralyzed from the waist down
Alright dog, you're the king? I'm the ace now
Face down
All I have is my real niggas (You know)
Get this cash with my real niggas
Give my last to my real niggas (That's right)
Cock back, blast, for my real niggas (For my real niggas)
All I have is my real niggas (That's all I have in this world)
Get this cash with my real niggas
Give my last to my real niggas (Konman Productions)
Cock back, blast, for my real niggas (Brian "All Day" Miller, come on)
All I have is my real niggas (That's right)
Get this cash with my real niggas
Give my last to my real niggas
Cock back, blast, for my real niggas
All I have is my real niggas
Get this cash with my real niggas
Give my last to my real niggas
Cock back, blast, for my real niggas
You know what
Yeezy back with Timbo, something gold and simple
Heart's all within through exactly what you sayin' for
If you got the info then go in and start the intro
If you got the synth though, then go and spark the indoor
Oh it's different, oh, that's a different kind of money
Pop them, make it somethin', act done, eh
Pop them, take it, all of the dineré
Popped on in the 747, bitch
Make your jet look like a fucking private
Ghosts under on it like it's fucking Yeezus
I make your jet look like a fucking Prius
Focus on the funnel, 'pon the fucking Yeezus
What the fuck they thought, that "Y'all can't fuck with Yeezus"
I'll make your private jet look like a Prius
Suck on some, I'll find out where the fucking weed is
How'd I get so many checks from Adidas?
They say I got a problem
I got a problem, yeah, I got a problem
They say I got a problem
I got a problem, yeah, I got a problem
They say I got a problem
I got a problem, yeah, I got a problem
They say I got a problem
I got a problem, yeah, I got a problem
Get it by all on, seen me, how would you want some
Makin' some on 'em, make it some and make it done, done
Hit, would it, would it, would it? (Woo)
Take ya son, I wanna make him, would it? (Woo)
Fuck a son, yeah man, I got your son with your boo
Fakin' somethin' then and they never had a clue
Take your summer too, take your summers too
Never felt thay bitch, I go, son, uh, woo
0 and 380, bitch, I'll take two
Take your son who done it and then sent it like the, ooh
Bought a sub inside that bitch, she lookin' like the zoo
One with one a summer, they be lookin' like a, ooh
Hold up with they son, hold up, bitch I got 'em
Done a one in now, 'nother song we at 'em
If they talking bond then you know we at 'em
Forward on the dial everytime we got 'em
They say I got a problem
I got a problem, yeah, I got a problem
They say I got a problem
I got a problem, yeah, I got a problem
They say I got a problem
I got a problem, yeah, I got a problem
They say I got a problem
I got a problem, yeah, I got a problem
They say I got a problem
I got a problem, yeah, I got a problem
They say I got a problem
I got a problem, yeah, I got a problem
I gotta testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
Before the day I die, I'mma touch the sky
Testify
I'm up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day I die, I'mma touch the sky
Back when they thought pink Polos would hurt the Roc
Before Cam got them hits to pop
The doors was closed, I felt like Bad Boy's street team
I couldn't work the locks
Now let's go, take 'em back to the plan
Me and my momma hopped in that U-Haul van
Any pessimists I ain't talk to them
Plus I ain't have no phone in my apart-a-ment
Take 'em back to the club
Least about an hour I stand on line
I just wanted to dance, I went to Jacob an hour
After I got my advance, I just wanted to shine
Jay favorite line: "Dawg, in due time!"
Now he look at me, like, "Damn, dawg! You where I am!"
A hip-hop legend, I think I died
In a accident, cause this must be heaven
Now let's take them hi-ah-igh-igh-igh-ighhhh(Top of the world baby)
(Top top of the world)
A-la-la-la-lah-la-lahhhhh(Top of the world baby)
(On top of the world)
Back when Gucci was the hits to rock
Back when Slick Rick had the shit to pop
I'd do anything to say I got it
Damn, them new loafers hurt my pocket
Before anybody wanted K. West beats
Me and my girl split the buffet at KFC
Dog, I was having nervous breakdowns
Like "Man - these niggas that much better than me?"
Baby, I'm going on an airplane
And I don't know if I'll be back again
Sure enough, I sent the plane tickets
But when she came to kick it, things became different
Any girl I cheated on, sheets I skeeted on
Couldn't keep it at home, thought I needed a Nia Long
I'm trying to right my wrongs
But it's funny them same wrongs helped me write this song
Now say: I'm, I'm sky high
Feels good to be home, feels good to be home
Are y'all happy you came to VH1 Storytellers?
Get up and touch the sky, come on
I am so disappointed, that I cannot see me perform
Except for on playback
My greatest pain in live, is that I'll never see me perform
So you are welcome to know a pleasure, that I will never have
This song is what inspired 808's and Heartbreak more than anything
Because we used do this at the end of the tour every night
And I would do it for – how many of you saw the Glow In The Dark tour in the room tonight?
Thank you so much, for coming to the tour
So y’all remember at the end of the show I would do this song
And I would say some inspirational words and I would sing
And I had the opportunity to just kind of do it and play it off
But I discovered that I love to sing
So much and to my thing and harmonize and just go up and down and just fuck around
I really feel like a vessel
And I open my mouth and God will let beautiful words flow through
That’s why I realized that he chose me and he has a path for me
Because half the things that come out, I can’t be responsible for
And I guess he just wants me to say more and more and more and never be insecure and always be sure, be sure
And he will give me the strength I need to endure, for sure
As I tour and bring the pure
So much more, more, for sure
For your entertainment, education and relation
To take away your hesitation and segregation
In a country full of immigrants, where no one really was born here, but separated here
It’s a beautiful thing that in a country that was so divided by the concept of black and white
We now have a black and white president
And this is what the future is to me
The juxtaposition: two things that you think don’t go together
When a black, super-Hip-Hop-dressed dude gets on an elevator and there’s an old lady with Chanel and she grabs her purse
I’ll give you a cliché example
What would happen if they actually talk to each other?
What would she learn? What would he learn?
When the rich man hopping out the Lincoln Town Car, passes by the homeless person
And they actually talk to each other
What would he learn? What would he learn?
If a black man, that came from Chicago and was taught to stand so far away from gay people, ‘cause you do not want to be accused of being gay
Was to talk to a gay person
What would he learn? What did I learn?
I learned that people in Chicago was wrong
And I’ve been an asshole all along
A lot of things that you learn are wrong
So don’t be an asshole too long, too long, too long
You can’t be an asshole too long
You can’t be an asshole too long
‘Cause the more you know, the more you grow, the more responsibility you have show what you know
And give everything that you got to give, baby that’s the reason God let me live through the accident without practicing
Okay, got to bring this up and bring it back again
Okay, okay, okay, okay
No publishing Outkast, please
Shout out to three G’s
One of the few dressed quite as fresh as me
Can't nobody love me like you do
Can't nobody love me like you do
Can't nobody love me like you do
Can't nobody love me like you do
It's the ugliest nightmare born from the prettiest dreams
Millions of people tryin' to get on the scene
And everyone sellin' their souls, everyone sellin' their...
Everyone sayin' they woke
But they sleepwalkin', dead, eyes closed
L.A. monster
I pray the Lord my soul to keep
Lord, save these people, they asleep
They lettin' Satan run they streets
Lord, save us from
L.A. monster
I pray the Lord my soul to keep
Lord, save these people, they asleep
They lettin' Satan run they streets
Lord, save us from
L.A. monster
It's the ugliest nightmare born from the prettiest dreams
Millions of people tryin' to get on the scene
And everyone sellin' their souls, everyone sellin' their...
Everyone sayin' they woke
But they sleepwalkin', dead, eyes closed
L.A. monster
It's the ugliest nightmare born from the prettiest dreams
Millions of people tryin' to get on the scene
And everyone sellin' their souls, everyone sellin' their...
Everyone sayin' they woke
But they sleepwalkin', dead, eyes closed
L.A. monster
It gives false hope then eats them whole
Seen billionaires who are still broke
Jesus, save all my people
From this monster, 'fore it takes their souls
It gives false hope then eats them whole
Seen billionaires who are still broke
Jesus, save all my people
From this monster, 'fore it takes their souls
When it comes to these guns my men'll clap this
Bullets I will send you access
I'm about to Reynolds Wrap this
School all the haters, blue is the gators
Do me a favor dawg don't do me no favors
I've put undercovers, under covers
Not only that I put guns to mothers
Sons and brothers, aunts, nieces, nephews
Cousins to in-laws, no one's above us
Guns in Ruckers (Ruckers) now no one can duck us
Your parents ain't shit, y'all the sons of suckers
Son of a bitch, I sell the slugs
Keep a shotgun like Elmer Fudd
You could tell the judge dawg
I sat in the cell with thugs
One year and eight months still felt the love (no homo, all good)
Act drastic killa, pack plastic
You rap black bastard get your cap clapped backwards
Round ice, I'm as nice as Gretzky
Dug Lewinsky NC like Mike Krzyzewski
Bomb missions, Saddam vision
But I send you a tape of your sister and your mom kissin'
My dick that is, see how I foul them bitches is
Four minutes they gon' lick my kids
But no presents, keep your Rolies
I don't want you to teach me or mold me
I don’t need you to hold me, lease me or loan me
Ma I ain’t gonna feed you a phony
Keep it as homies or leave me alone B
Apologize?, I’m not sorry
I done came through got my jollies, undercovers say not the Ferrari
Yes he did do a part in dolly
What color he get? hot tamale
Who in the car with him, Oh my god its Hollys
Robinson and Berry, Fuck Eric Benet
Send slugs wherever you stay
Matter fact have her back, she was just used
She get married every two years the bitch is confused
Come to ice, I get it in cubes
Tried to get another bracelet, my wrist just refused
Bout time that I get at you dudes
If you wore size 30 couldn’t fit in these shoes
That cokey though, it fit in these shoes
Fuck the okie doke, opinion and views
Why you runnin, I’m gunnin, your linen is through
Bust you onion, a bunyon, any limb you can lose
I spit rounds, to cut kids down
And I sign to the Roc man don’t suck dick now
Dame looked out signed a gem
It’s all creme de la creme, now run tell a friend
Cats say how I get out my deal?
Dawg I pulled out my steal, I’m bout it for real
I ran in the Sony buildings
Smack grown folks around like they were only children
No one outta line, cause they spotted nines
I want out an y'all sign on the dotted line
Word homie I ain't kidding you hops
Only one to leave Sony without getting dropped
I’m about getting Glocks, I’m about hittin blocks
I’m about findin bitches that’s about lickin cock
Niggas ballin but they hoop game is sloppy
Dudes ill knock me, coupes ill drop me
Ask Luca Brasi
Before I come the mood be groggy
I hit four five, Hallelujah Papi
Yo I’m tryin to get through to Papi
I’m paying thirty-four and I want two from Papi
So you think you loc, we locer
You got that diplomat tattoo
We like coastra nostra
It’s perpetual, sit up in correctional
Come through shoot up a precinct like The Professional
Jim Jones get indicted just let me know
Put up the house buy the perico
We movin down to Mexico
Yeah there they won’t mention me
Call Tavisia we need new identities
You want Santiago
I’m Jose Perez, down there they don’t know them heads, shit
Who don’t think I’m the Don of Dons then bet me
Shit the way I bomb Saddam respects me
R-O-C, runnin that rap shit
Cam’ron, runnin that crack shit
Santana, runnin that gat shit
Beef nigga? that’s it, we come through and clap quick
Jimmy Jones, believe me that’s it
Fuck with Zeke you know you get slapped, bitch
I’m downtown, Gucci or Sack Fifth
Tripped on and licked on and yes by a bad bitch


The takeover, the break's over, homie
God MC! Me! (Jay-Hova)
Hey, lil' soldier, you ain't ready for war
R-O-C too strong for y'all
It's like bringing a knife to a gunfight, pen to a test
Your chest in the line of fire with your thin-ass vest
You bringing them boys to men, how them boys gon' win?
This is grown man B-I-, get you rolled in the triage, bi-atch
Your reach ain't long enough, dunny
Your peeps ain't strong enough, uh-uh
Roc-A-Fella is the army, better yet the navy
Sure, we will kidnap your babies, spit at your lady
We bring knife to fistfight, kill the grammar
We kill you itty-bitty ants with a sledgehammer
Don't let me do it to em, dunny, 'cause I overdo it
So he won't confuse it with "just rap music"

I don't care if you Mobb Deep, I hold triggers to crews
You little *—*, I got money stacks bigger than you
When I was pushing weight, back in '88
You was a ballerina, I got the pictures, I seen ya
Then you dropped "Shook Ones," switched your demeanour
Well, we don't believe you, you need more people
Roc-A-Fella, students of the game, we passed the class
'Cause nobody can read you dudes like we do
Don't let em gas you, like, "Jigga is ass, and won't clap you"
Trust me on this one, I'll detach you
Mind from spirit, body from soul
They'll have to hold a mass, put your body in a hole
Oh no, you're not on my level; get your brakes tweaked
I sold what your whole album sold in my first week
You guys don't want it with Hov
Ask Nas—he don't want it with Hov, no!








We have, we have in this corner the dead heat roommate
Fresh from his momma crib
He embossed the market thanks to my sponsorship
I ain't finna argue 'bout what we finna watch, dog
We finna watch Fox and the weed finna fox(?)
I can't even bring hoes to my spot
You be tryin' to thug 'em out, roommate version of Pac
When it's not grievin' when I ask where you'd be
You told me like (?), he beat the shit out of me
Then you borrowed my clothes, don't do that
It's makin' me nervous, I found my bird in my (?) book
Can't find my Julius Erving
You from a family of alchies and I'm (?)
But I'm feelin' like Perfect Strangers
Cause you about to crowd me, get the fuck out

You got all these Halle Berry posters in the crib
How you think she feel about you havin' roaches in the crib?
I got my name on the orange juice, posted in the crib
She drinkin' out the pitcher like most of it was his
Nigga, what the fuck you did with my pornos and comic books?
How come I never got the message that my people said you took?
Look, who the fuck you down with?
Cause them chromes is off the hook
It's like the (?) of Rhode Island every time you try to cook
You try to cook, nigga, look, I don't ever try to cook
I just been tryin' to get back that money that I loaned your ass
Off the books, off the books, yep, a month ago
You must have forgot, you must be thinkin' that I'm rich
Because I'm rollin' with the rocks




Get your ass up for the doctor
One more time, get your ass up for the doctor
Come on now, here we go
Cliff hanger, it's another club banger
Got you hangin' on the edge of your seat
Get on down




The buzz is tremendous, we drop you all to sense it
I don't gotta promote it for you to know that doc is off the benches
We keep the party rockin' off the henges
We ain't showin' off, we just goin' off popular consensus






Bounce now, hands up, you know how we do
We make the club jump everywhere we go
It's no secret, everybody know
When Dre's involved, there's plenty money involved
And plenty honey's involved, the sunny Sunday's and palm trees
Cali, everyday it's just another party from the valley's
All the way to them 8 Mile alleys, let's rally
Hands up for the grand finale
Now raise up out your seat, Dre is about to speak
Blaze a pound of weed six days up out the week
You could catch me in the studio bangin' out the beats to
Provide you with the heat that keep blazin' out your speaker
So never say never cause Shady Aftermath together
Along with G-Unit Records presents the return of the-the Doc (and Shady)
No one could do it better
We tear the club up and leave without a strand of evidence and uh


I want to make some real love, ya dadada
That was kinda raw
Yo ma that melody that shine
(turn it up)
Step up in this bitch like (turn it up!)
I'm the one your bitch like
Mack you down like a quick dyke
Tell your friends they can hitchhike
And your tan looking just right
She grabbing on my like
She want to see if it'll fit right

Step up in this bitch like (turn it up!)
I'm the one your bitch like
Mack you down like a quick dyke
Make your man take a hitchhike
He don't understand how you hit right
Try it on if it fit right

Check me
Check me
Check me
Now when you hear this song you know it's on (baby girl)
When you hear this song you know it's on
When you hear this song you know it's on
I swear your lovin got me so high I'm gone
Me and you babygirl like best friends
Let me hit you when I get the notion
On I-55 you and I
Let's ride hit the motion
Some say she freaky freaky
Let me guess your lidro needa
I'm hittin through the back and curves
Inhale, exhale the herb
Lemme open up your mind to this concept
Then you take one step
Straight from the feelin of a wordsmith
Thats the herb shit
Up on my 22 spins
In my baby blue benz
Girls say dat boys ben actin up
But thats the way he is
You lookin good when you steppin out a centerfold
Tell me when I reach a pen to hold
Let me hit you wit this dime in the street game
Let a motherfucker go yeah you know it
So now let me sugarcoat it
It's like I'm on that tight herb
And when I pull t the curb it's like, it's like
Your my latest, and my geatest
My latest, my greatest
(Chorus)(x2)
When I'm layin in the back of my 745
With my lips on you
Spittin good game
With the hustler grain
Gettin brained like a hustler should
Hustler would
And you know when I hear the stuff
I'm still tryin to hear this love what that do
It's like that baby when I mix it up baby gurl you jus got me sprung
What that do
Oh yes she's one of the best
As I touch this is past tense I'm hurtin
Lurkin searchin for the virgin
But when my babygurl it's workin
Let me know whats that you smokin
From the hands as I stick my tounge in
Then from the back but she want an autograph
But still we sexin'
Open back up last time
As I spit a little dough in my mind
She jus like one of a kind
No c's no stand in her hind
Shes jus like me rappin a line
Perfect let me drop in a dime
I'm on a roll again
I'm bought to blow again
Your my latest, and my geatest
My latest, my greatest
Just keep on liftin me up yeah
(Choir)
Higher
(Do or Die and Kanye)
No need to take another puff
(Choir)
Higher
(Do or Die and Kanye)
Cause your love has got me high enough
No, No, No,No, No, No
(overlappig Choir and Do or die)
Just keep on Lifting me up yeah
(Choir)
Higher
(Do or Die and Kanye)
No need to take another puff
(Choir)
Higher
(Do or Die and Kanye)
Cause your love has got me high enough
No, No, No,No, No, No
Just keep on Lifting me up yeah
Tonight's musical guest
Two of Chicago's Finest emcees!
Give it up for Common and Kanye West!
"It's Common Sense!"
Yeah! "Common Sense!" - {*scratched*}
It's Common Sense! With Kanye West!
On the Dave Chappelle Show!
Everybody gotta eat right?
It's the food baby!
I walked in the crib, got two kids
And my baby mama late (uh oh! uh oh! uh oh!)
So I had to did, what I had to did
Cause I had to get (duh-ough! duh-ough! duh-ough!)
I'm up all night, getting my money right
Until the blue and white (po po! po po! po po!)
Now the money coming slow, but a least a - know
Slow motion better than (no-oh! no-oh! no-oh!)
You love to hear the story, again and again
About these young brothers, from the City of Wind
Like juice and gin, in the city we blend
Amongst the hustle, titties and skin, fifties and rims
Y'all know the Sprewells and trucks that's detailed
Heartless females that wanna ride in em
Felt the southside venom in raw hides and denim
Pimp minds collide wit em, a system that tries victims
We living in, my man in the fast lane pivoting
On the block white is selling like Eminem
On the block it "Jump Off" like Kim and them
On the block it's hot, you can feel it, in your skin and then
Shorties get the game but no instructions to assembling
Eyes bright, it seems like the fight is dimming them
Call my man cuzo, like I'm kin to him
He trying to stay straight, the streets is bending him
It's all good in the hood, like raps and gems
Throwbacks and Timbs, blacks and rims
Whether on ball courts, attires of all sorts
We never fall short, wit us it's Our Force like And 1's
Some waves, some air guns, the days of the fair one is over for
Cats is colder than four below, wit self I go toe to toe
Wondering if it's for the art or for the doe
Though I know to grow a - gotta learn to let go
Though I know the doe I got to bring back to the ghetto
Arrows on Terot cards pointing to the grind
Po' livin in more prisons, pointing to my mind, shine the light up
Clench my fists tight, holding the right up
Freedom fight in dark gear for the years to get brighter
Situations, and jobs get tighter
My man trying to get his weight and height up, c'mon!
I - I know I could make it right
If I could just swallow my pride
But I can't run away or put my - away
You can't front on me
I - no I can't let it ride
No no not tonight
See I can't run away or put my - away
You can't front on me
Just another one champion sound
We about to get down
Who the hottest in the world right now
Just touched down in London town
Bet they give me a pound
Tell them put the money in my hand right now
Tell the promoter we need more seats
We just sold out all the floor seats
Take me on a trip, I'd like to go some day
Take me to New York, I'd love to see LA
I really want to come kick it with you
You'll be my American Boy

Golly, more of that bullshit ice rap
I got to 'pologize to Mos and Kweli (probably)
But is it cool to rap about gold
If I told the world I copped it from Ghana and Mali? (Mali!)
First nigga with a Benz and a backpack
Ice chain, Carti lens, and a knapsack
Always said if I rapped I'd say somethin' significant
But now I'm rappin' 'bout money, hoes, and rims again
And it's still about the Benjamins
Big faced hundreds and whatever other synonyms
Strippers named Cinnamon
More chips than Pentium
What'cha gon' buy next? Whatever new trend it is
I'm tryin' to spend my stacks
And I'm so broke I look back like "Damn, was I on crack?"
I mean two platinum chains, was I on that?
What the hell was wrong with me dog?
Sing along with me y'all
New York City here! New York City here!
New York City here! New York City here!
It's like, guess who's bizzack, back on the track with the blow
Kanye to-the, representing his gold
Guess who's come back, better than I supposed
Heard that beat, shit it's all I know
Guess who's bizzack, live from the Plaza
The Roc' is definitely in the building
Back on the track, yeah, yeah, yeah

Verse 3: Mos Def
I say guess who's bizzack, Kweli, Kanye, and Mos
Punk niggas getting way too close
Doing Iving Plaza, causing disaster
You bring the time but we bring the prescription
Pick up your ears so you all could listen
I be killin' these niggas on this lyrical shit
Mayonnaise colored Benz, I push miracle whips
And since takeover, it seems like the whole hood want to get a Jimmie Jones makeover
Niggas forcing me to keep the heater
Black strap, white handle, I got Jungle Fever


Cutie the bomb, met her at a beauty salon
With a baby Louis Vuitton under her underarm
She said, I can tell you rock, I can tell by your charm
Far as girls you got a flock, I can tell by your charm
And your arm, but I'm lookin' for the one. Have you seen her?
My psychic told me she'll have an ass like Serena
Trina, Jennifer Lopez, four kids
And I gotta take all they bad a---- to ShowBiz
Okay, get your kids, but then they got their friends
I pulled up in the Benz, they all got up in
We all went to din and then I had to pay
If you f------ with this girl then you better be paid
You know why? It take too much to touch her
From what I heard she got a baby by Busta
My best friend said she used to f--- with Usher
I don't care what none of y'all say, I still love her


Eighteen years, eighteen years
She got one of yo' kids, got you for eighteen years
I know somebody payin' child support for one of his kids
His baby mama car and crib is bigger than his
You will see him on TV, any given Sunday
Win the Super Bowl and drive off in a Hyundai
She was supposed to buy your shorty Tyco with your money
She went to the doctor got lipo with your money
She walkin' around lookin' like Michael with your money
Should've got that insured, GEICO for your money
If you ain't no punk
Holla we want prenup (We want prenup!)
Yeah, it's something that you need to have
When she leave your a-- she gon' leave with half
Eighteen years, eighteen years
And on her eighteenth birthday, he found out it wasn't his?
(She gives me money)
Now I ain't sayin' she a gold digger, uh
(When I'm in need)
But she ain't messin' wit' no broke n-----. uh
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head get down, uh
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head get down, uh
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head
Now I ain't sayin' you a gold digger, you got needs
You don't want a dude to smoke, he can't buy weed
You got out to eat and he can't pay, y'all can't leave
There's dishes in the back, you gotta roll up ya sleeves
But while y'all washin', watch him
He gon' make it into a Benz out of that Datsun
He got that ambition, baby, look at his eyes
This week he moppin' floors, next week it's the fries
So, stick by his side
I know there's dude's ballin', but yeah that's nice
And y'all gon' keep callin' and tryin', but you stay right, girl
And when you get on, he leave yo' a-- for a white girl
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head
And that is the story of the Gold Diggers, boys and girls

As I lay me down to sleep
I hear her speak to me
Hello 'Mari, how ya doin'?
I think the storm ran out of rain, the clouds are movin'
I know you're happy, cause I can see it
So tell the voice inside ya head to believe it
I talked to God about you, he said he sent you an angel
And look at all that he gave you
You asked for one and you got two
You know I never left you
Cause every road that leads to heaven's right inside you
So I can say
Hello, my only one, just like the mornin' sun
You'll keep on risin' 'til the sky knows your name
Hello my only one, remember who you are
No you're not perfect but you're not your mistakes
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Oh, the good outweighs the bad even on your worst day
Remember how I'd say
Hey hey one day, you'll be the man you always knew you could be
And if you knew how proud I was
You'd never shed a tear, have a fear, no you wouldn't do that
And though I didn't pick the day to turn the page
I know it's not the end every time I see her face, and I hear you say
Hello my only one, remember who you are
You got the world cause you got love in your hands
And you're still my chosen one
So can you understand? One day you'll understand
So hear me out, hear me out
I won't go, I won't go
No goodbyes, no goodbyes
Just hello, just hello
And when you cry, I will cry
And when you smile, I will smile
And next time when I look in your eyes
We'll have wings and we'll fly
Hello my only one, just like the mornin' sun
You'll keep on risin' 'til the sky knows your name
And you're still my chosen one, remember who you are
No you're not perfect but you're not your mistakes
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Tell Nori about me, tell Nori ab-
I just want you to do me a favor
Tell Nori about me, tell Nori about me
Tell Nori about me, tell Nori about me
Tell Nori about me, tell Nori about me
Tell Nori about me, tell Nori about me
Tell Nori about me...
I'mma rap the way I rap, youknowhatimsayin'?
And we gonna murder these niggas. Kanman Produc', c'mon. Andy C where you at?
I hit the block on ten in a drop top Benz
You can go against the guns but the Glocks gon' win
Lyrically killin' y'all niggas but
"'I sweat it live
Is he gonna live doc?'
'No, the nigga died.'"
If they don't know, let's learn 'em
Rhymefest burn 'em

From the front to the back, where my thugs at?
My niggas love that
Gun talk, I talk, now everyone choke
Cause I came with it
Some ain't with it
Niggas get money mane, some can't get it
Everybody wanna be what Kanye West be in
In the bulletproof 5 what the Pres be in
With a half-black, half-white lesbian
But you
Minimum wage like a Mexican
My guns don't discriminate, they penetrate
Y'all niggas don't get hype, you hyperventilate
So before you take your last breath any last statements?
Man, this nigga Fest said, "I ain't Q-Tip but I'll make your breathin' stop"
Man, I can't come with no line after that man
Just bring this shit back in, c'mon man

Bad boy is back, back in town
Bow down now
Nine girls, they freak me in the room
I found God
Gimme power, hear my spirit, heavenly lord
Thou shall not
Take my arm and eject your system
Why? Just to make me a victim?
What you want? What you got?
What you got? What you wanted?
I can feel the force take over
From the back to the front
And the boys and the girls from the future
Bring us back all the love
Indigo baby I stuck in the misses
Easier to form the electric connections
When you got someone who can fight for you
Give you what you need
Know your every move
Close your eyes and just catch the groove
Take control of me girl, come over me
Baby just set me free
And inject your soul, my heart
Right by now, reset your clock
Our time now
Yeah, you was with the shit all summer but
I shall not
Take a look over your shoulders
Girl you give me the blues
When I'm with you I got nothing to lose
And love has been away and confined in the groove
And confined in the groove
And confined in the groove
Take control of me girl, come over me
Baby just set me free
I'm gonna get you
I'm gonna get you
I'm gonna get you right now
And inject your soul, my heart

Hello Ladies and Gentlemen
It’s Friday morning, May 25th, 2007
You know I never say the dates but since this is a mixtape
I might as well mark the day our lives changed
This a whole new world out there
I’m speaking to you from the future right now
I mean, at all times, I was always speaking to you from the future
They say music change a lot since saw you first drop
I say music gon’ change a lot after I drop
And the polo is Versace by the way
Maison Margiela, Dior, what have you, partake
And the Jordans is the sixers
Y’all don’t see, I be, Gemini
L, G, Hip Hop, rock, K
Yeah, Jay, uh, LA, J Brown, ta ta
Ay, ay, ay, ay
Are y’all all ready for this ride?
Are you all ready for the ride?
I’ma stop playing with they emotions
Plain Pat, let’s go
I can make shit rhyme
I can make shit rhyme if I'm... feel like
And if I, don't... So I just might not, cause I, don't want
And i'm just gonna, freestyle for the first time
With a freestyle, that don't even go together
Ough
No rhymes that's my new shit!
Nothing rhyme!
How that sound!
Uh ohh!
Wap!
You ain't got the answers Sway!
I could sing all, night!
La-la-la-la
La-la-la-la
La-la-la-la
La-la-la-la
I like to make it
You know I'll make it
(Now can you take it)
Lose control
La-la-la-la
La-la-la-la
La-la-la-la
La-la-la-la
I like to make it
You know I'll make it
(Now can you take it)
Lose control
Ooh baby
Let me be your playground
Push it out and catch it on the rebound
Turn it out swinging from this pole
I'mma make you
(Lose control)
Gyrate then spin it like a yo-yo
Slap the back and jiggle it like jell-o
Honey if you came for a show
I'mma make you
(Lose control)
La-la-la-la
La-la-la-la
La-la-la-la
La-la-la-la
Up and down baby
You know I like to make it
(Now can you take it)
(Lose control)
La-la-la-la
La-la-la-la
La-la-la-la
La-la-la-la
Up and down baby
You know I like to make it
(Now can you take it)
(Lose control)
Bump the beat
Just watch the way I pump it
The way I work, it's gonna keep you coming'
Do a dance that's so sexual
I'mma make you
(Lose control)
Don't trip
You know you wanna watch this
I'm a pro you won't be disappointed
Gonna leave you beggin' for more
I'mma make you
(Lose control)
La-la-la-la
La-la-la-la
La-la-la-la
La-la-la-la
I like to make it
You know I'll make it
Now can you take it
(Lose control)
La-la-la-la
La-la-la-la
La-la-la-la
La-la-la-la
Up and down baby
You know I like to make it
I like to make it
(Lose control)
Ew wee baby
My lips as sweet as honey
When I put 'em in your face
Gonna make you spend ya' money
Come on or you're gonna miss it
Ding dong don't you wanna kiss it
(Lose control)
Watchin' me do a dance
Makin' you so horny
If you want a little taste
Gotta show me how much you want
Pop it
Bounce, bounce
Clap, clap
You like dat?
(Lose control)
I did a tease to bring you to yo' knees baby
Broke you down made you feel sleezy
Then you said
"You fine muthafucka, I like it, I like it"
(Lose control)
I did a tease to bring you to yo' knees baby
Now you know that pimpin' ain't easy
Then you said
"You fine muthafucka, I like it, I like it"
(Lose control)
La-la-la-la
La-la-la-la
La-la-la-la
La-la-la-la
I like to make it
You know I'll make it
Now can you take it
(Lose control)
La-la-la-la
La-la-la-la
La-la-la-la
La-la-la-la
Up and down baby
You know I like to make it
I like to make it
(Lose control)
La-la-la-la
La-la-la-la
La-la-la-la
La-la-la-la
I like to make it
You know I'll make it
Now can you take it
(Lose control)
La-la-la-la
La-la-la-la
La-la-la-la
La-la-la-la
I like to make it
You know I'll make it
Now can you take it
(Lose control)
Aye, Aye, Uh
You love my diamonds don't ya
Love the way a nigga shinin' don't you
Baby what's your dis-position?
Have you ever tried this position?
You my dream girl from the posters
That I thought I would never get close to
In the back limousines with chauffeurs
Right next to the Testarossas
It's funny how all the jewelery
Just gets your cat so purry
And it look good altogether
They say they all forever
You love my diamonds don't ya
That I bought from all this rhymin'
But I know you'll never love me
You'll only love my diamonds
When I love baby
I'm gonna love ya, just like I love my diamonds
Diamonds, Diamonds
And when I wake up every night
(Boooooooy)
Will we be shining
Diamonds, Diamonds
I treasure you
Cherish you
When you rub my body
(oooooooohhhh)
Cause people are together
Diamonds are forever
Ice blue baby
(oooooooohhhh)
When I love you like my diamonds
Diamonds, Diamonds
Like every girl
I'm into fabulous things
Like oyster pearls, and pretty diamond rings
But you're my precious possession
I rock you 24/7
I do (I do), I do (do)
All my accessories, yea I'll give em' up
I'd even trade them in for your love
And the ain't no way
I'm giving you away
You're my d-d-diamond daddy
And I just got to have you
You sexy, you Fine
I'm so glad your mine
You sexy, you fine
He's my one of a kind
You sexy, you fine
I'm so glad your mine
You sexy, you fine
He's my one of a kind



I wish I could give you this feeling
I wish I could give this feeling, uh-uh, uh-uh uh
On the corners niggas rob or kill
And dying just to make a living, huh?


I wish I could give you this feeling
I wish I could give this feeling, uh-uh, uh-uh uh
On the corners niggas rob or kill
And dying just to make a living, huh?


I wish I could give you this feeling
I wish I could give this feeling, uh-uh, uh-uh uh
On the corners niggas rob or kill
And dying just to make a living, huh?

That's that crack music nigga
That real black music nigga
(That's that crack music nigga)
(That real black music nigga)
How we stop the Black Panthers?
Ronald Reagan cooked up an answer
You hear that? What Gil Scott was "Heron"
When our heroes or heroines got hooked on heroin
Crack, raised the murder rate in D.C. and Maryland
We, invested in that, it's like we got Merrill Lynched
And we been hangin from the same tree, ever since
Sometimes I feel the music is the only medicine
So we, cook it, cut it, measure it, bag it
Sell it, the fiends, cop it, nowadays they can't tell if
That's that good shit, we ain't sure man
Put the CD on your tongue, yeah that's pure man
From the place where the father's gone, the mothers is hardly home
And the madigon's lock us up in the Audy Home
How the Mexicans say, we just tryin to party holmes
They wanna pack us all in a box like styrofoam
Who gave Saddam anthrax?
George Bush got the answers
Back in the hood it's a different type of chemical
Arm & Hammer baking soda raised they own quota
Right when our soldiers, ran for the stove cause
Cause, dreams of being Hova
Went from bein a broke man to bein a dopeman
To bein the President, look there's hope man
This that inspiration for the Moes and the Folks man
Shorty come and see his momma straight overdosin
...and this is the soundtrack
This the type of music that you make when you 'round that
God, how could you let this happen *echoes*

She ain't mad she know what's good in a nigga
Matter of fact she know that it's just rap and the fact is

This a classic, just add this to the rest of them

Mase said come on, Mike said shamone
Let's start it up early like Raven Symone
Keisha Knight Pull, Emanuel
I dropped out of school with no manual
Nothing handed at all, but did I complain
Every time magazines tried to taint mine name
But y'all can't hold me down like restraint
I took the "t" up out the word can't
Around the same time Nas said I can
Bush was sending our fam' to Iran
I'm in the club with Henny, ass in my other hand
Lord, please forgive me I'm just a man
Right now I'm trying to make some adjustments
'Fore they do me like they did Janet adjusting them
Me and my cousin them, trying to rap like Busta and them
And my clothes was busted and bummy
But I ain't never ever accept no money
From these so-called sponsors
They was in Benzs, I was in Hondas
Now I'm wondering where they all at like a nonda
Hmm, that's something to ponder
The money y'all make on this one's for Donda
That's West to you
You the next, I can't hold my breath for you
What you need to do is turn it some decibels
And put some more zeros in front of that decimal, nigga!


I wave the Rollie you wave the Seiko
Need I say more, more diamonds than LisaRaye
I'm no replica, I am the DNA
Breeze through leave you like the hurricane
Somebody get killed the whole borough blamed
M-A dollar what a thorough name
No matter who come through I'm forever the king
I should've never left the game its what a kiddie say
Still, chicks throwing me up like newlyweds
I'm grown and sexy done with groupie head
In the milk-white Phantom, the seats are ruby red
You hear the rumor listen to the facts
I drive my cars in pairs like pity pat
When I drop the track it feel like Biggie back
The game is country I came to bring the city
I came, I came to bring the city back



July 8th
Me no conversate with the fake, that part
All my bitches independent bitches, that part
I just want the paper, that part
All my bitches flavored
That part, that part, that part, that part
Ayy! That part
Bang this shit in the hood one time
Lil bitch I'm back and poppin'
Tell that ugly bitch to move away, I need more options
Broke? Then fix your pockets, all I do is profit

Me no conversate with the fake, that part
All my bitches independent bitches, that part
I just want the paper, that part
All my bitches flavored
That part, that part, that part, that part
Ayy! That part
Bang this shit in the hood one time
Lil bitch I'm back and poppin'
Tell that ugly bitch to move away, I need more options
Broke? Then fix your pockets, all I do is profit
Made a mil' then I spent it in the same day
Brought a chopper, not the AK
Getting money on a vacay
Couple ranges in the driveway
Groovy Tony in July, 8th
Yeah, I'm killing kitties on a Sunday
How you balling in a Hond-ay?
Paparazzi got a toothpaste
Swerve in the big body
Your favorite artist, I'm his big homie
Yeah I'm walking with a fifth
I ain't folk, I'mma crip homie
Where the bloods? Where the locs at?
Where the bud? Where the choke brown?
Gloves for the combat
How the feds in your contacts?
How the feds in my set name?
Move smooth in a Mulsanne
Hard dread in the rap game
Heard Soulo coming up next
And SZA got a classic, uh
I heard Zay just got it mastered
The fire burning through the plastic
Some fingers to the badges
They don't love us to 'til the racks involved
When I was broke, they wouldn't accept the call
Now they on me for my decimals
Blank faces, gotta X 'em off
Enemies, gotta bob and weave
Gang banging like you said "what's up?"
And the set getting killed for nothing
Felonies, so I steal for my daughter to eat
Hoover Street, the government for me
Blank Face, hey!
Me no conversate with the fake, that part
All my bitches independent bitches, that part
I just want the paper, that part
All my bitches flavored
That part, that part, that part, that part
Recording massacres
Bastard said it's spectacular
He went from selling herb on the curb to preaching word to the birds
Getting head while I'm swervin' on all the feds
*Possible Lyrics*
What would you describe as a criminal?
Dark skin pigment
Fuck a sumliminal, leaving all these niggas disfigured, triggers and chemical
Bodybags is coming, you running, praying for miracles
They coming gunning inside of a bullet-proof vehicle, destined to be questioned
What they reckoned was insanity
Nicotine and listerine, they taking all our vanity
For the lot in the silver
The universe align
I don't wanna look into the past
I know
Wanna speed in being, we don't need the time
We don't need to fight, we ain't gotta lie
You ain't gotta lie, I could feel your light
I could take and lie, I am taking signs
Take it for the might, take it for the might
All up in a mine, all up in a line
Oh no, it's in the sky, waitin' for the fright
I got more than I wanna want the time
You still take me to the light every time (Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh)
You take me to the light every time
And the stars will align every time
You ain't lyin' (Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh)
You ain't lyin', you ain't lyin'
You take me to the light every time (Oh, oh, oh)
You know, scenic burst, I know what running for your mind
You ain't sayin' 'fore you die, you all crazy, you was mine
You could summon in my vine, I was fun in your prime
I need sun all with my vine, I got motherfuckin' mind
Keep it classy though
Keep 'em gassin' on 'em
There's a fine line
There's a fine line, baby
And you still take me to the light every time (Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh)
You still take me to the light every time (Oh, oh, oh)
It seem like our stars align every time
You ain't lyin' (Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh)
You ain't lyin', you ain't lyin'
You gon' take me to the light every time (Oh, oh, oh)
Ayy, don't stop, wanna see, okay, uh
Nigga, I was, I was born, nigga, DOA, uh
Niggas treatin' lot of shit but I don't see your face, uh
Take a step on the throne, we gon' beat the base, uh
Take a stage, take the throne, we can take the stage, uh
Make a stage, make 'em lay, make it on the stage, uh
Play for maze on the day for a paper chase, uh
Take the stage, make it pay, make it face for face






You don't want to see these murder guys
Princess cuts hurt your eyes
Got the chicks that work them thighs
Pull the top back on the prowler
Like the car ain't circumcised
Burglarize hoes
Leave your eyes closed
Bricks in my trunk while I ride slow
Smoke your fire dro
No repercussions
He was disgusting
Turn my volume under ten
To keep my speakers from busting
If them people come rushing
Can't say I froze
Won't open the doors
By the time they caught up
I done disposed of my outer clothes
Car in the garage
I say good god
My day was hard
Call two freaks up for the ménage à trois
Parlaying was hard
Sade was suave
When we was screwing
Sheets was ruined
If beef is brewing
I'm a put slugs deep into him
Money they be pursuing
The nerve of these jealous bastards for hatin'
Master my patience
Them custom wood grain caskets is waitin'
Passion for Satan
They must have
Gave them a blood bath
Had to show them who really holding shit down with they tough ass
We alias
They wishing they be us
Can't three-eighty us
Cause we will wreck everything within a ten block radius
When you see me better speak with love
Or leak some blood
I got connections with all type of BM, chiefs and govs
Deeply plugged who got to retire from crime
About to hit that big lick
So we gonna pull it
Hit 'em in the body and the dome
Left the after party with the chrome
Come up with a milly
And as soon as everybody know that I'm gone
Gotta keep it Gangsta'
Cause I'm a hustla'
Do it like a balla'
Cause I'm a mobsta'
Cause it only takes a second to pop me a snitch
Call up my connection to cop me a brick
And he sent a Czechoslovakian chick
She was acting cocky and shit
She like watching blow at the hotel
With big dreams to never stop being rich
And she wasn't too sloppy with dick
Said when she get on she gonna cop me a six
Platinum blue Sprewell shoes
Detail smooth
On some Mickey and Mallory me and my female cruise
Type of demo what's the bi-no
I Gave her two-six plus ten-four
That's twelve-five for the brick
And five-hundred for the plane and limo
Plain and simple
Call my guy told him thanks and send more
Meditating plot on my lick when I smell them frankincense blow
Do my thugdizzle
I ain't scared of this
Fly your head like Pegasus
Bloody up that necklace
Hope I'm an arrow ?
Them terrorist
Fucked up the lick when sending chicks on the plane
Put a major glitch in the game
But I'm a get me them thangs
As I come with new ways to travel watch my shorties get on them
Coming back with pounds and packages with the scorpions on them
Of course we been on them
Niggas know they two for forty and want them
I done seen truck loads with more keys than accordions on them
And you think I'm a pass up
That quick fast dust
Let me mask up
That ain't a fast truck
Get your ass stuffed
I spit words that be gangster shit
Make hustlers tip and ballers rich
Haters sick, mobsters hit
I'm the shit
You can see me visit the optometrist
Cars I flip
Unorthodox like Doctor Bonovich
Prada lick
But a nigga got whooped
Should have seen shit was funny
My own connection he got reason to gun me
I know he took the money
Even if I probably wrong
Turn down the volume
Shoot him on plastic to lay his body on
Fucking maricón
Two to the cabeza
Pinche puto
That ring on your pinky was too cold
Got pinch for two O's
And a half a brick
My staff is sick
Had him confess like a catholic
Always thought things was funny now you don't laugh at shit
Stupid bastard bitch
Never fuck with Twista, Turtle Banxx and Stokes
Coming up dro flowing slanging dope
I tried to chill
But when I see a lick to make the world mine
ON the love
I think I got to pull it

N-now th-that that don't kill me
Can only make me stronger
I need you to hurry up now
‘Cause I can't wait much longer
I know I got to be right now
‘Cause I can't get much wronger
Man, I've been waiting all night now
That's how long I been on ya
Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger
(I need you right now!)
(I need you right now!)
Let's get lost tonight
You could be my black Kate Moss tonight
Play secretary, I'm the boss tonight
And you don't give a fuck what they all say, right?
Awesome, the Christian in Christian Dior
Damn, they don't make 'em like this anymore
I ask, ‘cause I'm not sure
Do anybody make real shit anymore?
Bow in the presence of greatness
‘Cause right now thou hast forsaken us
You should be honored by my lateness
That I would even show up to this fake shit
Aww, nah, nah, we can’t give ‘em all that. We can’t give ‘em everything. Graduation is coming—it’s coming, quite soon. The album is getting pushed up as we speak. As I’m speaking right now, the whole building’s going crazy and pushing the album up. They like, “Kanye’s doing drops, let’s push the album up.” You know? The more drops I do, the earlier the album’s gonna come. So just, the more shit I talk, the sooner y’all’ll get the shit.
Stretch my hands to you
The Franklin Saint that broke the bank
Shiftin' the culture, they say I taint
I owe my ties, the check is blank
Who are you to question how I show thanks?
We don't pray to the same God, wager the same odds
My Saint Tropez don't relate to your Saint odds
Three or four rappers are sharin' the same lies
Lil' Pusha T, my synergy saved lives
Mirror my excellence for me is exercise
Feelin' like exodus, tryna get next to God
This is an exorcist, see through to my ex's eyes
Hopin' my ex forgive all of my extra lies (Woo)
Life goes on and babies born
And mines on the way couldn’t wait to say it in song
I don't question God's love, 'cause every good and perfect gift is from above
N- n- now th- that that don't kill me
Can only make me stronger
I need you to hurry up now
Cause I can't wait much longer
I know I got to be right now
Cause I can't get much wronger
Man I've been waitin' all night now
That's how long I've been on ya
I need you right now
I need you right now
Lets get lost tonight
You could be my black Kate Moss tonight
Play secretary I'm the boss tonight
And you don't give a damn what they all say right?
Awesome
The christian in Christian Dior
Damn they don't make 'em like this anymore
I ask, cause I'm not sure
Is anybody out there anymore?
Bow in the presence of greatness
Cause right now thou has forsaken us
You should be honored by my lateness
That I would even show up to this fakeness
So go ahead go nuts go apeish
'Specially on my best stand on my bapeness
Act like you can't tell who made this
New gospel homey take six, and take this, haters
N- n- now th- that don't kill me
Can only make me stronger
I need you to hurry up now
Cause it can't get much longer
I know I got to be right now
Cause I can't get much wronger
Man I've been waitin' all night now
That's how long I've been on ya
I need you right now
I need you right now
I don't know if you got a man or not
If you made plans or not
God put me in the plans or not
I'm trippin' this drink got me sayin' a lot
But I know that god put you in front of me
So how the hell could you front on me
There's a thousand you's there's only one of me
I'm trippin' I'm caught up in the moment right?
This is Louis Vuitton dime night
So we gon' do everything that 'J' like
Heard they'd do anything for a klondike
Well I'd do anything for a blonde-dyke
And we'll do anything for the limelight
And we'll do anything when the time's right
Baby you're makin' it
Harder, better, faster, stronger
N- n- now th- that don't kill me
Can only make me stronger
I need you to hurry up now
Cause I can't wait much longer
I know I got to be right now
Cause I can't get much wronger
Man I've been waitin' all night now
That's how long I've been on ya
I need you right now
I need you right now
I need you right now
I need you right now
Don't act like I never told you
Don't act like I never told you
Don't act like I never told you
Don't act like I never told you
Don't act like I never told you
Don't act like I never told you
Don't act like I never told you
Don't act like I never told you

I am the magic man
Got the world in his hands, world in his hands
He said I am the magic man, world in his hands, world in his hands
Is anybody out there?
The magic man
The show goes on in 6 minutes and this is his lovely assistant
She's so beautiful don't you agree?
He made her to the star she always wanted to be
Buhblaaoowww, are those the stars you wanted to see?
The magic man could make the roof disappear in every car in his fleet
Was on dubs, he could take a bird flip it to 3
Release the doves, turn any bar into the fight club
Gotta fight every night to prove my love
You messing with this joker but you need a king
Cause he'll club anybody trying to jack his queen
I'mma call a spade a spade from the start
He gave you diamonds, should've gave you his heart, you see?
Jealousy strikes again, but she, said I'm just trying to wave at the man
Then he, turned her eyes black and blue with the wave of his hand
The Magic Man
I am the magic man
Got the world in his hands, world in his hands
He said I am the magic man, world in his hands, world in his hands
Is anybody out there?

I am the magic man
Got the world in his hands, world in his hands
He said I am the magic man, world in his hands, world in his hands
Is anybody out there?

I am the magic man
Got the world in his hands, world in his hands
He said I am the magic man, world in his hands, world in his hands
Is anybody out there?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Uh huh, the Roc in here (yeah)
It's ya boy Kanye To The
Listen up man
I got girls in my room like hostages
Giving me neck like ostriches
Give some play to the real Kanye
'Cause we all know who the imposters is
All my gangsters, mob to this
And all my strippers, do your job to this
Hell no, I can't give you my cell phone
But you know where the hotel lobby is
For ya'll the same girls wouldn't give me no ass
Now I done highly surpassed my whole upper class
Bet if I meet her now I can fuck her fast, I pass
I be on some new shit
I wouldn't fuck none of the girls I went to school with
Fuck around, I ain't be on no cool shit
Like you don't see the models that me and my crew get
You don't see the frivolous jewels I bought with The Blueprint
She said "Whoa! Kanye don't get caught up in the hype
Ain't no telling they gon' love you after the night"
Well, if tonight's the night, pop bottles, fuck models
Spend money till you're broke my, nigga, live your life
'Cause I'm living international nigga American dream
And all my dawgs living vicariously through me
So if I get head from Trin', that one for the team
Fuck 702, that one for the crew
My dawg Hip Hop really love Claudette
So if I ever get to smash, this fuck's for you
I can barely drive the G5 down King Drive
Just like the Brinks trucks, they know it's money inside
Uh huh, (uh huh)
The Roc in here









I'm from the south side of Chi, man, the hood show me love
Flickin' at the Grammys with the Michael Jackson gloves (gloves)
Outfit so crazy, prolly thought I was on drugs
Kool Moe Dee glasses, man, I don't give a fuck
I'm on them rims by Mali, I'm cocky as Ali
I told you muhfuckas I'd make history 'fore I leave
A&Rs used to twist their head from side to side
Now I get on TV, do whatever I decide




I been waiting
For a minute
Pour out, ayy
Pour out, everyday, you know

See, before I let you go
One last thing I need to let you know
You ain't never seen nothing crazier than
This nigga when he off his Lexapro
Had more than another episode
Last time I'm down in Mexico
Asking me why the hell I test the code
Four times I say don't test me, ho
Told you four times don't test me, ho
Now we finna lose all self-control
But you ain't finna be raising your voice at me
Especially when we in the Giuseppe store
But I'ma have the last laugh in the end
Cause I'm from a tribe called check a ho
Yeah, I'ma have to laugh in the end
Cause I'm from a tribe called check a ho
And I-

See through the night
And forget all of your past
Throw that
Throw that away
Don't stop your loving
Don't stop for nothing
No, not for nothing
They don't wanna see me love you
No, love, don't stop it
They always love it
They always wanna
They don't wanna see me love you
They don't wanna see me love you
They don't wanna see me love you
Metro Boomin want some more, nigga
Bang. Let it bang. Yeah, let it bang. Uh uh uh yeah. Hey uh
I ain't tryin' to stress my wealth
But sometimes I gotta American Express myself
When the pastor asked me why I'm flashy
Well, sometimes I gotta bless myself
I see you shining, shining like a mirror ball
Why when we're abroad we don't never hear of y'all?
You local retard, I'm the king of the world
So the king of your city by default
Niggas pullin' out cash in wads
My pants kinda tight, only fit, a credit card
But please don't get to spazzin' on 'em
Really Doe got a different type of plastic on him
And all my niggas, is big tippers
Why? A little rain never hurt no strippers
And it ain't like I can't get along with you
But I need you to get along while I get richer
Speakin' of richer you talkin' bout prior
Let's talk about now and the future which I am
All star ah, Super Bowl shuffle
Suicide door ah, big world tour ah
I am the menorah of this new era
And uh, you are?, dawg, whatever
Got to excuse the cockiness
But only an asshole can give you this much shit




Uh, ya know what?
On the real, uh






Ain't nobody finna do me any type of way (Way)
Ain’t nobody finna do dat (Yeah, yeah)
Ain't nobody finna do me any type of way (Way)
Ain't nobody finna do me dirty, no way
Wassup, wassup, wassup
It's your man DJ PlayForFree getting you through this rush hour
As promised I got that Teyana Taylor "Your Wish is My Command"
On WZUP
Your wish is my command
(It's like he said to me)
Your wish is my command
(That's ok with me)
Your wish is my command
(Boy don't play with me)
Your wish is my command
Are you ready, let's talk about
Said you giving up a piece of your heart
I want to see it, oh walk that walk
Boy I want to be blown away
In love a lot of love
There here and gone the next day
I've been there done there over this thing
You say you feeling me
You never had a woman like this
I hear you but it's hard to really hear you
Oh he said
Your wish is my command
(It's like he said to me)
Your wish is my command
(That's ok with me)
Your wish is my command
(Boy don't play with me)
Your wish is my command
Lately, you've been on it
Got me really thinking you were heart
If you say it, you better mean it
Don't be saying that it's love, it's not
Oh he say
In love a lot of love
There here and gone the next day
I've been there done there over this thing
You say you feeling me
You never had a woman like this
I hear you but it's hard to really hear you
Oh he said
Your wish is my command
(It's like he said to me)
Your wish is my command
(That's ok with me)
Your wish is my command
(Boy don't play with me)
Your wish is my command
Oh my God, Ronny!


That's two plus one
On that new body, old dick don't count
One new titty, those tits don't bounce
Want, gonna do six, no bounce
Gotta run it up before the sun on our account
Fuck on the thot, we ain't runnin' without the stacks
Your friends need an ass so we checkin' my account
One false account, I gotta check it for the stacks


Uh, uh, face down
Funny how the problems is the situation
You and her are somethin', now on vacation
And never gonna settle for this vacation
Going for the son, like the vacation
Two weeks here is like a stay-cation
Take facetime, wanna stay patient
What they gonna do, huh, stay ace huh?
Can't wait to see your new body
Now you're actin' like you don't know nobody
You said that no body count on this new body
(Old dick don't count, these titties don't bounce)
I'm in love with your new body
(Old dick don't count, these titties don't bounce)

Lamborghini Mercy
Your chick she so thirsty
I’m in that two seat Lambo
With your girl she tryna jerk me
Lamborghini Mercy
Your chick she so thirsty
I’m in that two seat Lambo
With your girl she tryna jerk me
It is a weeping, and a moaning, and a gnashing of teeth (swerve)
It is a weeping, and a moaning, and a gnashing of teeth (swerve)
It is -- when it comes to my sound which is the champion sound (swerve)
(swerve)
OK, drop it to the floor
Make that ass shake
Woah make the ground move, that’s an ass-quake
Built a house up on that ass, that’s an ass-state
Roll my weed on it, that’s an ass-tray
Say Ye, say Ye, don’t we do this err’ day-day?
I work them long nights, long nights to get a payday
Finally got paid, now I need shade and a vacay
And niggas still hatin’, so much hate I need an AK
Now we out in Paris, yeah I’m Perrierin’
White girls politicin’ that’s that Sarah Palin
Gettin’ high, Californicatin’
I give her that D, cause that’s where I was born and raised in
Lamborghini Mercy
Your chick she so thirsty
I’m in that two seat Lambo
With your girl she tryna jerk me
Lamborghini Mercy
Your chick she so thirsty
I’m in that two seat Lambo
With your girl she tryna jerk me
It is a weeping, and a moaning, and a gnashing of teeth (swerve)
It is a weeping, and a moaning, and a gnashing of teeth (swerve)
It is -- when it comes to my sound which is the champion sound (swerve)
(swerve, swerve, swerve)
Yeah, it’s prime time, my top back, this pimp game ho
I’m red leather, this cocaine, I’m Rick James ho
I’m bill droppin’, Ms. Pacman is pill poppin’ ass ho
I’m poppin’ too, these blue dolphins need two coffins
All she want is some heel money
All she need is some bill money
He take his time, he counts it out
I weighs it up, that’s real money
Check the neck, check the wrist
Them heads turnin’, that’s exorcist
My Audemar like Mardi Gras
That’s Swiss time and that’s excellence
Two door preference
Roof gone George Jefferson
That white frost on that pound cake
So your Duncan Heinz is irrelevant
Lambo, Mercy-lago, she go wherever I go
Wherever we go we do it pronto
Lamborghini Mercy
Your chick she so thirsty
I’m in that two seat Lambo
With your girl she tryna jerk me
Lamborghini Mercy
Your chick she so thirsty
I’m in that two seat Lambo
With your girl she tryna jerk me
It is a weeping, and a moaning, and a gnashing of teeth (swerve)
It is a weeping, and a moaning, and a gnashing of teeth (swerve)
It is -- when it comes to my sound which is the champion sound (swerve)
(swerve, swerve, swerve)
Let the suicide doors up
I do suicides on the tour bus
I do suicides on the private jet
You know what that mean, I’m fly to death
I step in Def Jam building like I’m the shit
Tell ‘em “Give me fifty million or I’mma quit”
Most rappers taste level ain’t at my waist level
Turn up the bass ’til it’s up in your face level
Don’t do no press but I get the most press, kid
Plus your my bitch, make your bitch look like Precious
Something’ ’bout Mary she gone off that Molly
Now the whole party is melted like Dalí
Now everybody is movin’ they body
Don’t sell me apartment, I move in the lobby
Niggas is loiterin’ just to feel important
You gon see lawyers and niggas in Jordans
Now catch up to my campaign
Coupe the color of mayonnaise
I’m drunk and high at the same time
Drinkin’ champagne on the airplane
Spit rounds like the gun range
Beat it up like Rampage
100 bands, cut your girl, now your girl need a band aid
Grade A, A1
Chain the color of Akon
Black diamonds backpack around me
Cosigned by Louis Vuitton
Horse power, horse power
All this Polo on I got horse power
Pound of this cost 4 thousand
I make it rain, she want more showers
Rain pourin’
All my cars is foreign
All my broads is foreign
Money tall like Jordan
Lamborghini Mercy
Your chick she so thirsty
I’m in that two seat Lambo
With your girl she tryna jerk me
Lamborghini Mercy
Your chick she so thirsty
I’m in that two seat Lambo
With your girl she tryna jerk me
It is a weeping, and a moaning, and a gnashing of teeth (swerve)
It is a weeping, and a moaning, and a gnashing of teeth (swerve)
It is -- when it comes to my sound which is the champion sound (swerve)
(swerve, swerve, swerve)
It is a weeping, and a moaning, and a gnashing of teeth
It is a weeping, and a moaning, and a gnashing of teeth
It is -- when it comes to my sound which is the champion sound
(swerve)
(*harmonizing*)
All my love is all I have
All my life I look for you
I'm just Fab, I see how Mary be now
But I can barely be found
And I rarely be round
But when I do, the jury be drowned
And you can see how clear the Pavees, and the Canaries be now
The top on the 5 series be down
And I'm chillin' where them little houses on the prairie be now
Although there was a time I would barely see thous
But I'm gettin a multi-million dollar yearly fee now
Girls, don't even know me, want to marry me now
Dudes, I thought was homies, want to bury me now
That's why I keep a bulletproof vest, no matter where we be now
And I carry three pounds, and nearly three rounds
I take whatever the verdict from the jury be now
Rather than friends, it's pallbearers that carry me round
Everybody staring unnecessarily now
But there's no tints on my life, so you can clearly see now
All my love is all I have
And my dreams are very special
All my life I looked for you
And today your dream come true
You need me and I need you
Lovin us is very special
Lovin life and life and livin
Your very special
Ya'll can never be built like me, even if ya'll look at my blueprint
But since ya'll watches look like its movement
I'll show you how video games look on the new Sprint
Flip out digital screens, look in the new Bent
100 and flat screens, look in the new Pint
Even our Air Forces lookin' to new tints
I stay away from anythin that look like a nuisance
But ya'll gotta peep this rookie's improvement
I tip it with you and
Cause most dudes was doin verses for a few dollars and a hook for a few cents
All I do is try to teach and look to influence
But it look like the students are playin hooky, and truin
And some say that we lookin' like new gents
But money talks, and it don't look like ya'll fluent
And ya'll done seen how this "Young'n" look in the new pints
But it's my life and you can't look in the new tints
Uh, If I could say so myself, I came a long way
Even though I feel like the same old John J
Nothin' change, when I aim, I'm gonna spray
When I eat, I order the same old entree
When I ride, I let the same old songs play
And when I work, I do the same old long days
From bein' Fab, to looked at by dames the wrong way
They know where we came, from the name they call me
I already know what these lames is gonna say
And I already seen what games they gonna play
Fuck with family, don't say the name the wrong way
And when you die, ya'll crackers gonna blame it on strays
Cause love and life, and life and livin
Your very special
(*harmonizing*)
(*harmonizing*)
Me and Fab are very special
(*harmonizing*)
Me and Fab are very special
Uh, I don't need no little ass
I need a ghetto ass girl
With a car that can make it 'cross town with just a little gas
I know when we first met, you was a little gassed
But you want to keep your swag
So you was holding back
Your little brother love me
He say, "Yeezy got some fresh clothes"
Your grandmother love me
Cause I always dress in dress clothes
I can switch your dress code
Change your life like, "presto"
I am like that Aston Martin engine, you just press "go"
Why you acting like you ain't impressed for
Oh, see why you listen to the press though?
I ain't finna explain my life up on no Larry King
Cause when I show her that thing
She said, "that explains everything"
Everything
That just changed everything
Yeezy on her name ring
Yeezy where her chain bling
Yeah, I throw Barack up, but
Baby, you get my vote
Love a ghetto girl with more ass than the models
See, see, see I did the screwed up shit myself
I ain't put no affect, no
You know
Ay, ay, ay gonna thump 'm thump
When I thump I'm thumpin' on the old game
I can thump, thump, do some, something 'till they sold me
Turn that bitch to a Soul Train
I'll get a thump with the old stain
Want to just slap that cocaine
Like a cold king, someone who just sound like, "okay"
Okay, I get it, I pound it, I spit it, now I'm throwin' up
I'm gonna, wanna something, 'till I got my moana
And then I'm gonna....
Just walked in like it's-it's my birthdays
It's not my birthday
Please remove yourself
Please don't act like you're special
Baby, please don't act like you're special
I'm so special, I'm so special, I'm so special
Baby, please don't act like you're special
Na-na-na-nuh, the, nuh
Surrounded by some niggas with fake jewelry
We came up from nothing just like Tony
Now my chain could bring back the stone age
I worried that's what not she had told me
So, please don't act like you're special
Baby, please don't act like you're special
I'm so special, I'm so special, I'm so special
Baby, please don't act like you're special
Better than the life I lived
When I thought that I was gonna go crazy
And now my grandmomma
Ain't the only girl callin me "baby"
And if you feelin me now
Then put yo' hands up in the sky, let me hear you say
Heyy, heyy, like we always do at this time
I go for mine, I gots to shine
Now throw yo' hands up in the sky
I, gotta go for mine, I gots to shine
Now throw yo' hands up in the sky
Imma get on the TV momma and I'mma
Yo, I'mma put shit down
(Ayy) ayyy (ayy) ayyy
Welcome to the good life, where homies who sell D
Won't even get pulled over in they new V
The good life, let's go on a living spree
Man, they say the best things in life are free
The good life, it feel like Atlanta
It feel like L.A. it feel like Miami
It feel like N.Y. summertime Chi
Ahhhhh! Now throw yo' hands up in the sky
So I roll through good
Y'all pop the trunk,I pop the hood - Ferrari
And she got the goods
And she got that ass, I got to look - sorry!
Yo it's gots to be cause I'm seasoned
Haters give me them salty looks - Lawry's
50 told me go 'head, switch the style up
And if they hate then let 'em hate, watch the money pile up
Welcome to the good life! Where we like the girls who ain't on TV
Cause they got mo' (ass than the models)
The good life, so keep it comin' with the bottles
Cause she feel booze like she bombed at Apollo
The good life, it feel like Philly
It feel like D.C. it feel like D.C
It feel like V.A. or the Bay or Yay
Ayy!
Homey tell me what's good
Why I only got a problem when you in the hood?
Like I'm new in the hood
The only thing I wish, I wish a nigga would
He probably think he could
But, but, I don't think he should
50 told me, go 'head, switch the style up
And if they hate then let 'em hate and watch the money pile up
Have you ever popped champagne on a plane, while gettin some brain
Whipped it out, she said "I never seen Snakes on a Plane"
Whether you broke or rich you gotta get this
Havin money's not everything not havin it is
I was splurgin on Tryst, but when I get my card back
Activated, I'm back to Vegas
I always had a passion for flashin
Befo' I had it, I closed my eyes and imagined
The good life
Everybody wants the good life
Welcome to the good life
Let me hear you say:
Heyy, heyy, ooooh I'm GOOD!
Better than the life I lived
When I though that I was gonna go crazy
I'm probably always be by your side, oh
I-I'll always be by your side, though
(You and I will always be)
I'm probably always be by your side, oh
I-I'll always be by your side, though
(You and I, you and I)
I'm probably always be by your side, oh
I-I'll always be by your side, though
(You and I will always be)
I'm probably always be by your side, oh
I-I'll always be by your side, though
(You and I, you and I)
I'm probably always be by your side, oh
I-I'll always be by your side, though
(You and I will always be)
I'm probably always be by your side, oh
I-I'll always be by your side, though
(You and I, you and I)


But if you’re a creative and you want to create, and you just want to create more, this is exactly what I’ve been fighting for. So if you hear me talking about Louis Vuitton or the Gucci Group or anything like that. I’m not dissing Louis Vuitton, I’m not dissing the Gucci Group and shit. I’m just saying, don’t discriminate against me, because I’m a black man or because I’m a celebrity, and tell me that I can create, but not feel. Cuz you know damn well there aren’t no black guys or celebrities making no Louis Vuitton nothing. They let Pharrell make those glasses, and we liked them, right? They let me make those shoes, and we liked them right?
And they say, “No, no, no, nigga. Not no more. That’s too much. That’s too much. No, no, no, no, no, no, nigga not no more. That’s way too much. That’s way too much. Stay in your place. Sit in the front of that show and wear this jacket I made you. Stay in your place. Do what you get paid to do. Stay in your place. Don’t embarrass yourself trying to chase your dreams. Save face. Save face.”
That’s why I got this fucking mask on, cuz I ain’t worried about saving face. Fuck my face! Let’s set ‘em off. Pause. Now they finally got a headline. But fuck whatever my face is supposed to mean! Fuck whatever Kanye is supposed to mean! It’s about my dreams. It’s about everybody’s dreams. It’s about creating. It’s not about the idea of being a fucking celebrity, it’s not about the idea of a black man trying to do fashion and shit. Cuz these walls that I break down, these walls that I break down and we will
And I’m arguing with my friend Spike Jonze in the car cuz he said, Kanye, what you need to say is you’re gonna try. You’re gonna try to break them down. Don’t say you’re just going to do it. And I said, I am gonna do it! I told Kim seven years ago, I’m gonna marry you! And I’m telling you right now as I stand on this stage, all this shit that you heard me talking about, I’m gonna come and back all that shit up. You don’t know how hard it was to get the Nikes, that wasn’t my fault. They try to control y’all and try to control me. And when I was in my negotiations, they told me, “We don’t negotiate with celebrities.” That’s like a terrorist. They talk to you like it’s fucking terrorist
You know, I just want to make something awesome. I just want to be awesome, and I want to hang around my awesome friends and change the fucking world, and that’s exactly what I plan to do. And if you plan to do the same, put your hands in the air right now. If you just want to be awesome and make awesome shit and change the fucking world and this is what you plan to do
Let’s have a toast for the douchebags
Source: Vulture
What's the best form of genocide?
Black-on-black crime
Cause I guess it takes up less of they time
What's the best form, best, best form of genocide?
Black-on-black crime
Cause I guess it takes up less time
Now, if you can make the niggas kill the other niggas, go figure
If you can make the niggas kill the other niggas, go figure
Then we'll have more time to make real figures
And we can still keep it lookin' at them like
"Damn, look at those real niggas
With they chains and they cars, but they still niggas"
Cause soon as a nigga gets it
Then another nigga wants to get it
Soon as another nigga has a girl
Then another nigga wants to hit it, admit it
Soon as a nigga has a crib
They want to break into that nigga crib
See where he live, see what he did
And don't wanna do the same shit he did to get that crib
Get it? You know, when niggas is killin' niggas
What's amazin' to me
What don't phase me is when niggas try to call me crazy
Cause they don't phase me
Cause I don't give a fuck what people think
Cause people don't think
See, I don't give a fuck what people think
Cause people just don't think
Now picture this; now if I show up onto this motherfucker
And express myself creatively
They always want to say, "He's crazy, see"
And when they so distressed
What would be the best thing to write?
How 'bout this: "Kanye West wears a dress"?
Yes, now maybe that can take away from the way
I kick them niggas ass on 12/12/12
Maybe that can take away
Nah, nah, nigga, they seen it, these niggas seen it theyself
Well, and my grandfather ninety-seven
He said, "I ain't never seen you get down like that"
He ain't give a fuck about the kilt, this dress
Whatever the fuck they call it
You see, niggas killin' niggas
You can't see through the fog
With all the negativity that they write on a blog
I give a fuck about what somebody think
If that person doesn't think
It's too early in the conversation anyway
You know, they say, "You should be embarrassed
You should be embarrassed, you a nigga
How the fuck you gonna show your clothin' line in Paris?"
You should be embarrassed, you should be
Didn't you read the reviews, the press?
I don't give a fuck, I guess
I don't give a fuck, no, it's not that I don't give a fuck
It's that I give most of the fuck and I'm not givin' up
And it's not that I'm crazy, no, that's a lie
I'm not crazy, I'm just not satisfied
And I would die for what I believe in
When I see that, uh, just a change what y'all receivin'
Do you all receive us? Do y'all believe it? It's too much
Okay, there's someone they can't touch
How 'bout some integrity from your favorite celebrity?
That's me, that's me, niggas killin' niggas
"Why he do that? Why he wear that?
Why he say that? Where he play it?
Oh, my God, nigga, niggas
It's bad enough, it's hard enough
It's hard enough, it's hard enough, it's hard enough
It's hard enough, it's hard enough
But you can never say I didn't give my heart enough
And if we did somethin' good
And we didn't say, "Oh, excuse me. Pardon us"
Then they want to throw niggas back
On, on, on the retarded bus
And when they riot in the streets
They gon' say, "What, what the fuck started us?
And made 'em start it up?"
And look at me like I ain't smart enough
And everybody got a suggestion and a lesson
And a question and a stress
And then they always want to stress a man, uh
And say, "Maybe he's too aggressive", or, uh, well
Maybe the shit you doin' is just not impressive to a nigga
So let me make this clear
It won't be long 'til y'alls get more of what y'all gettin' right here
No, I ain't talkin' 'bout nobody comin' to Atlantic City
Talkin' 'bout, "Oh, it's just a casino show"
Or, "It's just New Years, so we can't do nothin' really creative"
No, I'm talkin' about a motherfucker workin' every day
From four o'clock in this buildin'
Readjustin' all these fuckin' cameras
To make this show better and better
Better every night for y'all
And all they can say, "He got a mask on. He crazy"
But they just tryin' to fuckin' deter you
From what you are seein' in front of you
This is "Jesus Walks", this is "Can't Tell Me Nothing"
I'm not crazy, I'm just not satisfied
So maybe let this time open up your mind
And let you know that you can do anythin' in life
Yeah, baby, you can shine
This right here lets you know you can do anythin' in life
With enough time and focus and focus and time and time
And don't let nobody tell you
Cause ain't nobody fuckin' with my clique
When I look around, they don't do it like my clique
When I look around, they don't do it like my clique
When I look around, they don't do it like my clique, so here
Since they'll probably put this online
Let me make this shit real clear
Michael Jackson died from a lack of information
From motherfuckers bein' around him lyin' to him
Actin' like shit okay, but I'm a find the information
Don't believe nothin' that they say
Don't matter who you look up to
Don't take more than ninety percent of what the fuck they say
Cause they are not you
And that extra ten percent is what makes you you
So you do what the fuck you want to do
And if somebody tell you you can't do it
Be like, "Man, who the fuck are you?"
You only got one life that you know about, you only got
And time is somethin' you can never get back
Most important thing
Don't forget that time is somethin' that you never can get back
So don't forgot that cause the money could go
And you could spend it over and over
And over and over, over, over, oh
And the cars could crash
And now did that tell me, "What do you have?"
And the house can burn down
And whose your real friends when you turn around?
Yeah, that's your clique, clique, clique, clique, clique
Ain't nobody fresher than my motherfuckin' clique
Clique, clique, clique, clique
As I look around, they don't do like my clique
Clique, clique, clique, clique
And all these bad ladies


Couldn't kill me if you tried, couldn't kill me if I died
I'm gon' always be alive, you were always in denial
Heard your song, you stole my vibe, so I brought back my old vibe
Funny every time you lied, how that turned into more lies
I'm too nice to all my dawgs, stand by me when I go wrong
Please don't love me for the stuff like you never did nothing wrong
Why did you do something to me?
Man, I'm still mad at my dad, uh
I fucked that bitch, she was bad, I fucked that bitch, on the rag
Years ago, might get physical
Might get something, might digital
Life do something like digital, all romance got digital
How low something? Life critical
And this conversation critical and I'm something so pitiful
Why you standing, looking so pitiful?
Don't you know that you are beautiful?
Everything 'bout you beautiful
Everything 'bout you beautiful
That was without you, new to them
We can do it now, what you do to them?
Maybe the- maybe the world will be without me
Maybe we sleep with- sleep without me
Maybe life signs off, days was cloudy
Down for life, still ashamed
August Ames, all the same
All the pain, all the lames and all the lames live the thing
Everything, everything
Justice League
I miss the old Kanye, straight from the 'Go Kanye
Chop up the soul Kanye, set on his goals Kanye
I hate the new Kanye, the bad mood Kanye
The always rude Kanye, spaz in the news Kanye
I miss the sweet Kanye, chop up the beats Kanye
I gotta to say, at that time I'd like to meet Kanye
See I invented Kanye, it wasn't any Kanyes
And now I look and look around and there's so many Kanyes

I used to love Kanye, I used to love Kanye (Kanye, Kanye, Kanye, Kanye)
I used to love Kanye, I used to love Kanye (Kanye, Kanye, Kanye, Kanye)
See I invented Kanye, it wasn't any Kanyes
And now I look and look around and there's so many Kanyes
I used to love Kanye, I used to love Kanye
I even had the pink Polo, I thought I was Kanye
What if Kanye made a song, about Kanye?
Called "I Miss The Old Kanye," man that would be so Kanye
That's all it was Kanye, we still love Kanye
And I love you like Kanye loves Kanye

I used to love Kanye, I used to love Kanye (Kanye, Kanye, Kanye, Kanye)
I used to love Kanye, I used to love Kanye (Kanye, Kanye, Kanye, Kanye)
I used to love Kanye, I used to love Kanye (Kanye, Kanye, Kanye)
I used to love Kanye, I used to love Kanye (Kanye, Kanye)

I can't stop till we all ball
And walk around with gold in our mouth like Paul Wall
Nigga fuck all y'all
I'll just stay on the grind and sell out beats
Til I'm all over the hood like LRG
Matter fact all over Chicago
And I'm about to be on Oprah tomorrow
There's nothin' nobody can ever say to top that line
I'm in housewives' livin' rooms, stop that shine
Y'all already know Kan is a legend like John is
Rockin' that Louis Vuitton that only a don get
Got beef, bitches gettin' they Boost on
They bring me that Gucci I give 'em a Boost phone
Fel feel the new song so he give it airplay
Got calls 'bout Diamond from Nas and Jay on the same day
Fan's askin', "Where yo ass been?"
Weak niggas been eatin' while you been fastin'
But you can ask Kaz 1
When my shit drop, y'all has-beens
Been gainin' popularity now I'm bout to cash in

You runnin' from the cops, tryin' to get that lil' pack flipped
I'm runnin' round tryin' to stick my dick in an actress
The mac spit, it can make that ass do back flips
Smoke a nigga, I'd rather just poke a nigga like cactus
Take a nigga's jewels then walk right past him with them on the next day
Goons
Mob get in, get in tune
It's plenty room
The back seats feel like a living room
He's a great
These left rights will beat your face
Poppin' bottles, my brother just beat his case
I up the iron, every one of you will bail
I got fully semi hand guns and none of them for sale
Yeah, homie peep my steez
My ice game sick, I got a lot of stones like


I'm there for you, here with you, it's clear its crystal
I air before you only get stronger the things, you been through
I don't kill you thats what it'll do
Run with a few multiple-scribed, they say we belong in a fuckin' zoo
We done crashed all sorts of clubs forcin' the love
Often above them cowards and them so called thugs
When we come through respect is there, cause we demand it
Know the mobb is in the building, we officially landed
Keep your eyes on the man with the hammers, they can't stand us
Try to raid us the faggots snitchin' and got the cameras
Cock the cannons but shorty just keep dancin' cuz it might
Be a chance that it won't pop off
If it do stay close to the wall, we gettin' it on
You about to witness fellas who gifted in brawl
My homie Lyndon Erik Da Bob pissin' you off
This southern cat finnin' to get it so kiss ya cross
So if you goin' thru it but you won't let it hold you down
(Just throw up your hands) C'mon ma
We gon party to the crack of dawn lets get it on with the girls and me and my mans
Theres only few things I die for
Infamous my family, this money, sonny I hit the sky for
We don't take time off, we take rhymes off
Come with somethin better than that, to blow your mind more
Gettin our shine on... I think this due for a storm, hurricane Mobb
Rain on your parade and you can thank god
Or you can thank P, for simply not squeezin'
Really it wasn't called for, and you don't want it
To call for it, don't play my gun, it go off
Inside of your head oops, niggas be dead
Then we drooped in the Coupes real heavy on the gas
Out there like the concord
I show you how to get murdered, and the cops never catch on
I show you how to do songs, then after than show
You how to do them contracts and get yours
We ain't finished yet c'mon baby bring it back c'mon
You know that thing in the stash box
Ready to pop bast in the spot you stunt, you know we gon lock ass
Inevitable, can't control them slugs
Came from a place, that shape and mold them thugs
Flood the block with nothin but that gangsta shit
Y'all dead on that, now take ya miss, bitch
It's plain to see, that you could never snake me
I never let the grass grow past my Nikes
Summertime in our wife beats, boiled this brick
Outside with thermo shirts underneath tees
I stalely keep a mack on me, and let people
Try and contest Mobb Deep
Uh, yeah, yeah, c'mon
Yeah
M-O-B-B Baby
(Just throw up your hands)
0-4.. Kanye
Flip it out my nigga
"...394 is not available. At the tone, please re-
Please enter your password
You have no unheard messages. First skipped message."
"Hi-"
"Message skipped. Next message."
(Jesus Walks playing in background)
"Hey, what up, this is-"
"Message skipped. Next message."
"Um, I just wanna know why, um, my food stamps have not come as of yet, and um...
In addition to the food stamps, uh, the cheese and butter was, uh, supposedly or more specifically was to be delivered to me for the holidays, and um...
If you could check in the damned there items and get back with me, it would be most greatly, preciously, hospitably appreciated
Talk to you later, bye."
(Music/Violin Starts)
"End of message. To er-"
"Message erased. Next message."
Drug dealin' just to get by
Stack ya' money 'til it get sky high
We wasn't s'posed to make it past 25
Joke's on you, we still alive
Throw your hands up in the sky and say:
"We don't care what people say"
"Hey Kanye, this is your cousin Kim
I just wanted to call ya and congratulate you on this CD, it's hot!
Especially that song “Drug Dealer”
You know, I've been a social worker for 10 years
I've been paying people's lights, rents, mortgage
You talkin' 'bout people paying shine on $6.55 an hour;
People can't pay their rent for $6.55 an hour
So, it just... It's just really difficult to truly understand what these people are going through
You know, and people are human
They wanna look good, they wanna take pride at how they look, they wanna take pride at what they do
The other part that really hit home for me is that people borrow other people's kids and put it on their income tax
A lot of times, what they're doing with that money is finding another place to live because the place that they live in
The toilet's overflowing or the roof is caving in and the landlord doesn't care- Landlord doesn't care enough to come in and fix those things and make sure that the people have a safe environment to live in
So, they borrow somebody else's kid, so that maybe they can get a car so they can get back and forth to work, 'cause you know, in the hood, the best paying job ain't always next to yo house, it's not within walking distance. ('til it get sky high)
So you have to take 20 buses to get back and forth;
You have to spend a lot more money than what you have just on transportation, then you get paid on the job
So, maybe they might buy a car, maybe they might buy shoes for their kids.... You know, and the drug dealing is just supplementary of all of that, I mean like I said, I don't condone it, but I definitely got hugs for my thugs, you know
Tryna' get out there makin' and the only thing that I can ask is once they stack the money 'til it get sky high is that they try to do something positive with it...
That they try to send their kids to school...
That they try to make a difference."
"Next message."
Stay on 'em, stay, stay, stay on 'em
Stay, stay
Boy, I ain't waitin' 'round
I waitin' 'round for some handouts
"I'm not a hater... I don't hate Conway West. I was talking about an environment in which people were willing to say things that hurt. Nobody wants to be called a racist if in your heart you believe in equality of races."
Uh, every time (Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh)
Every time (Ooh)
And the stars will align (Every time)
You ain't lyin' (Ooh-ooh)
You ain't lyin' (Ooh-ooh), you ain't lyin' (Ooh)
You gon' take me to the light (Every time, ah)
Every time, every time, every time

And you still take me to the light every time (Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh)
You still take me to the light (Every time)
It seem like our stars align (Every time)
You ain't lyin' (Ooh-ooh)
You ain't lyin' (Ooh-ooh), you ain't lyin' (Ooh)
You gon' take me to the light (Every time, ah)
Every time, every time, every time

And you still take me to the light every time (Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh)
You still take me to the light (Ooh, every time)
It seem like our stars align (Every time)
You ain't lyin' (Ooh-ooh)
You ain't lyin' (Ooh-ooh), you ain't lyin' (Ooh)
You gon' take me to the light (Every time, ah)
Every time, take me
Every time, take me
Time

And you still take me to the light (Every time, Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh)
You still take me to the light (Every time)
It seem like our stars align (Every time)
You ain't lyin' (Ooh-ooh, you ain't lyin')
You ain't lyin' (Ooh-ooh, you ain't lyin')
You ain't lyin' (Ooh)
You gon' take me to the light (Every time, ah)
Every time, every time, every time
We got the remix
It's another hot exclusive from the dominators





'Bout the baddest girl I ever seen
Straight up out a movie scene
Who knew she was a drama queen
That'd turn my life to Stephen King's
Up late night like she on parole
Checking everything like I'm on parole
I told her it's some things she don't need to know
She never let it go
Ok, Ok, Ok, Ok
You will never stop it now
You never stop it now
Ok, Ok, Ok
You will never stop it now
You need to stop it now
Drop it, drop it
Just looking at your history
You're like the girl from Misery
She said she ain't take it to this degree
Well let's agree to disagree
Shorty kind of crazy but it turn me on
Keep it up enough to keep it going on
I told her it’s some things she don't need to know
She never let it go
Ok, ok, ok, ok
You will never stop it now
You never stop it now
Ok, ok, ok
You will never stop it now
You need to drop it now
Drop it, drop it
Cause I don't want no Robocop
You move is like a Robocop
When did you become a Robocop
Somebody please make her stop
Make her stop, stop…
Somebody make her stop, stop…
And we won’t stop
I’d like to welcome everybody to VH1 storytellers
I go by the name of – Kanye, West
You could’ve been anywhere in the world this evening, but you wouldn’t be as happy as you are right now
No, you wouldn’t be as happy as you are right now
We’re gonna run through some of the new songs and some of the old songs
And tell you where the whole thing went wrong, and tell you were the whole thing went wrong that forced me to write these songs
For my love, my love, my love
That spoiled little LA girl, you just an LA girl
That spoiled little LA girl, you just an LA girl
Oh you're kidding me
You must be joking
Or you are smoking
Oh oh you're kidding me
Oh you're kidding me
Haha that was a good one
Your first good one in a while
Your first good one in a while
You need to stop it now
Go ahead and stop it now
You need to stop it now
You know, I really like that part of the album
When I said
That was a good one, your first good one in a while
‘Cause I love Tenacious D and I listen to them all the time
And I feel that was the closest I got to like a real Jack Black moment
And there was a lot more that I said, I said
We got to the movies and we laugh at different jokes
It went on and on and on and on…
But I just narrowed it down to:
Spoiled little LA girl, you just an LA girl
Spoiled little LA girl, you just an LA girl
Spoiled little LA girl, man I love these LA girls
These LA girls, man I love these LA girls
Ok, Ok, Ok, Ok
You will never stop it now
You never stop it now
Ok, Ok, Ok
You will never stop it now
You never stop it now
Cause I don't want no Robocop
You move is like a Robocop
When did you become a Robocop?
Somebody please make her stop
Make her stop, stop…
L.A Reid my man though
Sunroof down with the Phantom
Settled down with the fam though
Cell phone down with the fam though, damn
I hired a nigga that hired a bitch that #MeToo'd my man
Now ain't that some shit?
I hired a nigga that hired a bitch that #MeToo'd my man
Now ain't that some shit?
Hired a nigga that hired a bitch that #MeToo'd my nigga
I hired a nigga that hired a bitch that #MeToo'd my man
Now ain't that some shit?
I hired a nigga that hired a bitch that #MeToo'd my man
Now ain't that some shit?
Ain't that some shit?
Chris on my line, Chris on my calendar, uh
Callin', tellin', I tell him the truth
I'm lyin', I'm dyin', I'm leavin' the booth
Hired a nigga that hired a bitch that #MeToo'd my man
Now ain't that some shit?
Hired a nigga that hired a bitch that #MeToo'd my man
Now ain't that some shit?
Now that you're tuned in
I suggest you zoom in
And claim Puff dead
I'm out the tomb then
I'm married to the game like the bride and the groom is
If you don't want to move then leave the room here
See you the type of nigga believe the rumors
But I'm the type to show y'all what the truth is
And show you how the coupe is
And you don't know where the roof is
And the interior is stupid
So I'mma shoot my shot and just do it
Cause I can't stop my love for the music
Been a decade since Biggie dropped "Juicy"
When I think back sometimes I still lose it
And feel the ambiance
From the screams of the audience
And y'all response





This shit right here is called The Return Of Malcolm
Don't take it too personal. Listen close
I feel like I'm at the height of my jump while y'all pivotin'
While y'all visitin' I'm livin' here, ball in a year
The hundreds and fifties in cheeseburgers
The twenties is balled up
You lookin' for singles they all in the air
The hundreds of bitches that we murdered
We ain't literally speakin'
We just team up and we squirt all up in they hair
Give us some coke and a promise
Give us some nut in the throat
She suck till she spittin' up coconut vomit
Get it?
Pardon me miss
I'm just fed up with the way the system is set up
The shit that they had me livin' in prison was better
Rhymin' perfection
Is it a set up?
To give me a year in the county around the time of election?
Or should I just shut up?
Zip it or kick it?
Try to get you to picture the vision
Lyrically, this is my petition to picket
Free me or, eventually see me
The heat in my belt hangs an inch from my pee pee like a key to my cell
To censor me is to censor my CD which inspires me
To spit what will eventually be the key to myself
Times is changin'
Everybody's Gods the same
But they minds ain't
So I talk about they kind is dangerous
Blacks against Affirmative Action sounds as insane
As the war in Iraq while Saddam is hangin'
A dead man's a dead man
Ain't two of a kind
You can't break me
I'm head standin' doin' my time
It's nothin'
My crew bakin' my bread while I'm jail
Had niggas buffin' my boots and makin' my bed
Time will tell who down to bail
If you gettin' down and how wild your arms will flail
When I bomb I unwind like I'm a spawn from hell
The only shots you takin' are those that evolve from shells
(The following name has been edited to keep the peace)
Something is on your mind then nigga say it
You scared?
If I was tryin' to X you out then you know you'd be dead
You need beef with me like you need a hole in your head
You little Stone Throwers
You signed-to-a-label-ass-niggas ain't sayin' shit till you own yours
Whenever them triggers is buckin'
I got to write a label to Trojan requestin' them niggas to up it
Cause my dick get bigger
My balls get larger
To a size that my drawers can't swallow
For y'all it suicide
The verbal amphetamine
The quotes is cold places, inserted with Ketamine
Spoken, they pulsate
Earthquake
Houston we got a problem
I'm settin' your turf straight
Your troops I private piles 'em up
The holocaust (cost) you pay is Hitler's
Way
You dis me, and get merked for Christmas
But the curse if gift less
I'm the first to spit shit
From a podium
Go to your local church to get this
Y'all sell chickens I only serve the biscuit
Leave your blood on the street
You get curbed with blisters
Chicken noodle soup your brains, let it rain
And I clear it out
All the vets say I'm official
And you can ask Diddy
But now that I'm doing time like Shyne
Nigga I'll probably +Press Play+ on a pistol
Political prisoner
Got ammo around my torso like Rambo
Banana around my waist like I'mma gorilla
It's time to apply my pace now on the fo' rilla
Bandanna around my face like dead prez
Statik Selektah
Take a breather
You are now ridin' with a flow the fliest
Selassie inside
Who Jesus chose
Who Hov inspires
Extreme formula in this chess game
Accept change
You the king
We the queen corner a
Best thing spittin' since a geyser
The methane rhythm, it's supplier
Written with the fire
Doused by the best team
With him when he ridin'
Out
Cause the check flame when it get divided
Bout
Niggas livin' through decisions
Learnin' ain't givin' you the business
Quittin' is a privilege
Suited at a funeral, killin' any witness
Over dead prez's
I'm here to view the digits
Clearin' out the air space
Pointin' out who ain't dead
Gods gift to this world
I'm going out with reindeer
Comin' back and bang ya
Leap Year is a thang of the past
When I return and spring from my ashes
Like a deranged angel
Who came cause you asked
But I ain't here to save you, I came for your ass
It's sorta like the reaper
Blowin' at your concert
We write through the speakers
Knowin' that it's God's work
Rap is a prison that'll trap you in freedom
The contradiction of your past
The after you see Him
I don't have to proceed with no master's degree
To change the art
I came and waxed the museum
I saw, I conquered
I paused my disc to do a bid
So y'all can spit bout how you do it big
Nigga is you grown or you a kid?
You trash
And don't make me blast
And turn your dome into a lid
Open your mind
Put led in your brain
You dope for your time
I'm ahead of your game
The door's open
And I'm in it
I'm so focused
You still focusin'
And when I'm finished you gonna be hopin' it still opens
Maybe I lucked up?
Either I'm straight crazy or slavery got a nigga fucked up
Eminem and Kramer
The minimum will blame 'em
The average nigga got the word spinnin' in they chambers
The average nigga raised by the average nigga, aye
It's the average nigga way
To say "nigga" with an "a"
Riddle 'em and hit 'em with the K
Let it speak when he fiddle with the trigger
Let 'em kill 'em with the say
Sodom or Gomorrah
Which one are you the more of?
Chevy's sittin' on 30's and 20's on the Saurus
Fiendin' for that spot
The money bout to burn a hole in my pocket
So I got to extinguish that with a "Blao"
Put it out with a Phantom
Bring it out on the block
With no driver
Hoes, y'all wanna drive or not!
I gotta peel the peddle
A lot of troops done died
Why deal with the devil, knowin' I got a truce with God?
Gotta peel the peddle
A lot of troops done died
Why deal with the devil, knowin' I got a truce with God?
I gotta peel the peddle
A lot of troops done died
Why deal with the devil, knowin' that I got a truce with God?
Nickel
And we gone stay hustling on the block until we caught
And we gone stay showing off that jewelry that we bought
And we gone stay heated in case it's in and out of court
Cause we some gangstas, I don't know what the fuck you thought


Why all bad bitches keep they phone face-down?
Bad girls always keep they phone face-down
I love you when you face-down (yeah)

I know you're tired of lovin', of lovin'
With nobody to love, nobody, nobody
Just grab somebody, no leavin' this party
With nobody to love, nobody, no- (Uh-huh, honey)
Bound to fall in love
SHABADABADEWWTWEETTWEE YEAH
Bound to fall in love
OOOOOOooooh
(Uh-huh, honey)
All them other dudes lame, and you know it now
When a real brother hold you down, you supposed to drown
Bound...
OOOOOOOooooh
Bound...
Bound to fall in love
Bound to fall in love
(Uh-huh, honey)
What you doin' in the club on a Thursday?
She say she only here for a girl birthday
They ordered champagne while they look thirsty
Rock Forever 21 but just turned thirty
I know I got a bad reputation
Walking-round-always-mad reputation
Leave-a-pretty-girl-sad reputation
Start a Fight Club, Brad reputation
I turnt the nightclub out of the basement
I'll turn the plane 'round, your ass keep complainin'
How you gon' be mad on vacation?
Dutty wining 'round all these Jamaicans
Uh, this that prom-ish
This that what-we-do-don't-tell-your-mom-ish
This that red-cup-all-on-the-lawn-ish
Got a fresh cut, straight out the salon, Trish

Close your eyes and let this words paint a thousand pictures
One good girl is worth a thousand pictures
Bound to fall in love
Bound to fall in love
(Uh-huh, honey)
I wanna hit it hard on the sink
After that, get you somethin' to drink
Step back, can't get spunk on the mink
I mean damn, what would Jeromey Romey Romey Rome think?
Hey, you remember where we first met?
Okay, I don't remember where we first met
But hey, admittin' is the first step
And hey, ain't nobody perfect
And I know, with the girls I got the worst rep
But hey, that backstroke I'm tryna perfect
And hey, we made it: Thanksgivin'
So hey, maybe we can make it to Christmas
She asked me what I wished for on my wishlist
Have you ever asked your chick for other chickens?
Maybe we could still make it to the church steps
But first, you gon' remember how to furrget
After all these long-ass verses
I'm tired, you tired, Jesus wept

Uncle Charlie's in the house, watch your mouth
Uncle Charlie's' in the house, watch your mouth
Bound...
Bound...
Bound to fall in love
Bound to fall in love
(Uh-huh, honey)
And you say Chi city
And you say Chi city
I'm down with Chops in Philly
Nothin' really just to Roc, me, Free and Mac Milli
Listen, yo
I drove to New York with ten dollars to my name
Brought back a couple platinum plaques on a plane
Brought back the soul to change the game
Had a little beef I had to aim, it's stainless steel
The lyrics in my heart I can't restrain they real
I swear to God I wish I had a dollar bill
For every time a nigga told me stick to the beats
I could have ate at Cheesecake at least six times a week
Plus I'm killin' these niggas on that lyrical shit
Mayonnaise colored Benz I push miracle whips
Dawg I'm killin' these niggas on that lyrical shit
Mayonnaise colored Benz I push miracle whips
Changing lanes
Yeah, I'm changing lanes

Why would she make calls out the blue?
Now I'm awake, sleepless in June
Hey hey hey hey
Don't say you will
Hey hey hey hey
Don't say you will, unless you will
Mrs. So Fly crash-lands in my room
Can't waste no time, she might leave soon
Hey hey hey hey
Don't say you will, you will
Hey hey hey hey
Don't say you will, you will, one day you will
When I grab your neck, I touch your soul
Take off your cool then lose control
Hey hey hey hey
Don't say you will, unless you will
Say aye aye aye
Don't say you will, I pray you will, I pray you will
I wish this song would really come true
I admit I still fantasize about you, about you
Hey hey hey hey
Don't say you will, you will, you will
Hey hey hey hey
Don’t say you will, unless you will, I pray you will
Hey hey hey hey
Don't say you will, you will, you will
Hey hey hey hey
Don’t say you will
Hey hey hey hey…
Don't say you will
Hey hey hey hey
Hey hey hey hey
Hey hey hey hey
Hey hey hey hey
Don’t, don’t, don’t, don’t say
Keep the music on
This is a
This song was written for
A special moment in my life
Someone so special, that I love forever
And you know like, when you break up with somebody
And you have those times where you wanna see ‘em again
And you’re trying to make plans on a Friday night, in New York City
And you clear your whole schedule for this person, even though you’re not together no more
‘Cause there’s nothing better than, someone you know and love
Even if you know you can’t love them no more
You can’t love them no more
Today, take presidents over anybody you dating or going out with or just hooking up with
And she knows who she is
To have someone so special in your life, that you’re inspired by them
I ask myself, as I date
What am I looking for?
The requirement of this position is inspirement
The requirement is inspirement
And I am higher in
But also firing
Also firing, firing
I wanted to express that story better, it didn’t come out as good as I wanted
Wasn’t as poignant as I wanted to make it for my favorite story and for my ode to my loves




I could give a damn about the things that they say

Uhh, it's real
Dear Lord, yeah
This letter is from Saigon, the Yardfather
We fucked up Lord
Will, talk, to 'em
I tell 'em
It's alright, it's alright
I know my rent is overdue, they 'bout to shut off my light
And even if I get a job, too late, you're too right
Gotta do what I gotta do to get this loot up tonight
It's alright, I write a letter dedicated to God
First I'll thank him, without him I'da never made it this far
But it's hard tryin to think of why he not gettin involved
It's a lady with a newborn baby livin in the car
The police is beatin us up, the hurricane is eatin us up
Katrina flood water was deep as a fuck
Dear Lord, are we ever gon' receive a reward
For all the sufferin and pain and misery we endure?
Just like Trans-Atlantic slave trade, the AIDS, the crack
When are we ever gon' get paid back?
PS: write your boy S to the A back
And tell Luther we got a joint we gave that stays on playback

It's alright, it's alright
They narcotized our neighborhood flood the ghetto with white
My nigga only 21, he too young for two strikes
But if he catch another felony he gonna do life, that ain't right
I write a letter dedicated to our
Father who art in Heaven, Muslim brothers call him Allah
And they all tryin to think of why he not gettin involved
America is bombin them for no reason at all
Gas prices eatin us up, parole officers cheatin us yup
They lock us in for dirty pee in a cup
Ayo I know you love us Lord, but please show black people a sign
To us, society's a lethal design
Them A-T-Liens adapt to the track
Up top, we call it the block, when not most of the crackers live that
C'mon Lord, you don't see nothin the matter with that?
Hit me back, I think me and you need to chat
To all the ladies havin babies on they own
These niggas ain't shit ma, for real yo? You better off alone
If he ain't smart enough to know why he should stay
Then what could he possibly teach his seed anyway?
You gotta grind like you never grind
Even if it mean you gotta shake your never mind, I know I read your mind
You gotta do what you gotta, get it together ma
A baby ain't temporary, that shit's forever ma
A mother's love is the freshest kind
That'll get y'all through the hard times, the pain and the stress combined
Raise your seed, you don't need no man
Especially one that need to be de-programmed
Type brother think he righteous cause he don't eat no ham
But he keep plans of fuckin with some kilograms
Girlfriend, you know what you do when the time is right
You tell your lil' one that it's alright
For real, keep your head up





She had a - dot on her face like Madonna, (Madonna!) dressed like she date a designer. (designer!)
Looks so good, I spent a day with her mama. {whoooo!}
Tried to break her, bring her, beat her, eat a plate of lasagna, {uh-huuuuh!}
Grab some paper, bring the heater in case it's haters behind her. {AAAAHH!}
They call me "Bandana Bank$", baby, I clap your homie, homie
Then I'm through with her, - go holla at Macaroni Tony, {TONY YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYO!}
In the back with a few cup of Henny, baggy pants to tuck the semi
In case you get to fuckin\' friendly. - My clique as tough as any! {any!}
Stuntin' plenty, I don't trick a penny; {haha!} get your own shit!
Callin' me with questions will only get you a phone click. - ! (!)


Pull out the zip, pull out the ride (roll out)
We so high, upper echelon (straight up)
We so fuckin' high, upper echelon (d-damn)
(La Flame, straight up)
Pull out the zip, pull out the ride (roll out)
We so high, upper echelon (straight up)
We so fuckin' high, upper echelon (d-damn)
Dozin' off them Xannies, just popped a bandie
Wave rock like Atlantic, froze like Atlantic
Party at the Sphinx, damn that's so outlandish (straight up)
She gon' make it clap, clap, throw them bands
Walkin' through the Waldorf they know my name, yeah (La Flame)
Dropped out, got signed, got mom house all in the same year (straight up)
Don't you come around me, ain't got the time, B, naww (straight up)
Watch me do the Randy, touchdown (brix)
Knew how much I get, think La Flame the golden child (La Flame)
Ridin' right behind her, pull up beside her (skrt)
We poppin' champagne, damn you apple cider
Pull out the zip, pull out the ride (roll out)
We so high, upper echelon (straight up)
We so fuckin' high, upper echelon (d-damn)
(La Flame, straight up)
Pull out the zip, pull out the ride (roll out)
We so high, upper echelon (straight up)
We so fuckin' high, upper echelon (d-damn)
So many shots, fuck your kidneys
My money flip like a gymnast
Prada and pimpin'
Y'all be stylin' my dentist
Make it wider then whip it
Chillin' with cheetah
Drippin' the dip
Pop a thotty with TIP
Rollin' that by the zip
Poppin' off with no corner
Real niggas don't do coke
Top for the nine for the soap
Wildin', I got it, the deal
You know we robbin' the scales
Pull out the zip, pull out the ride (roll out)
We so high, upper echelon (straight up)
We so fuckin' high, upper echelon (d-damn)
(La Flame, straight up)
Pull out the zip, pull out the ride (roll out)
We so high, upper echelon (straight up)
We so fuckin' high, upper echelon (d-damn)
I know he got his hands on this
I know we got a chance on this
No, I never planned on this
I might need a band on this
This might get banned off riff
Gonna say something before y’all quit
Let me know somethin’, who y’all with
Don’t know nothin, I know this
I know the father breathed on this
Some won’t like, we on this
Some might disagree on this
But I know something he gonna listen
All your problems he know it
Ain’t no problem he don’t get
God gonna solve ‘em, he gonna fix
Just wait on ‘em, please don’t quit
I know God breathed on this
I know God breathed on this
I know God breathed on this
I know God breathed on this
I know God breathed on this
I know God breathed on this
I know God breathed on this
I know God breathed on this
More than I could say for you
Before the sons and the daughters
Before the Sun and the water
More than I could say for you
But the truth’s still for you
What’s the salt, what the lord do
God, the son, all the glory
God, the father, like morique
Don’t care what you say nothin’ on me
I don’t care ‘bout the lawyer fees
I don’t care ‘bout your loyalties
God’ll solve it all for me
Trust man, he a failure
Trust ain’t gotta heal ya
Dustin he a Hoffman
Don’t fall what they offering (uh)
Fall far too often (yuh)
Call God but don’t call it (nuh)
Fall down but don’t fall in love
I know God is all in (uh)
I know God breathed on this
I know God breathed on this
I know God breathed on this
There ain’t nothin’ he don’t miss
Trust God, he don’t miss
Won’t God heal on us
I’mma start we on this
Love a God we on it
Good evening ladies and gents, close and distant fam
Let me break it down for ya'll exactly who I am...(CAV)
That brotha straight off of Myrtle Ave
That dude that make the other dude say that's my man, (CAV)
It ain't nuttin' I want I can't have
The haters know it's real and that's why they mad
They struggle so hard while I just lay back
They sound under pressure, sweaty and straight wack
I rock like this because I ain't that, (CAV)
Tell the players I'm taking the game back...
Matta fact tell the coaches, the GMs, and owners
Shut down the stadiums, it's over
I make the cat's in the back draw closer
Get the comp choked up like white folks on Oprah
Yeah you dope, but (CAV) it's more doper
More skill, more style, and more focus
I hit the lab with good shit to smoke up
And tell the sound man where I wanna go from
Blow up, skit sheet across the notepad
School em' all from the drop out to post grads
What history book you do or don't have
There's only two eras of rap, pre and post CAV
Now you know that
Stop the train, there's no place for the game left to go at
Cavee is my name but you can call me, (CAV)
It's all the same abbreviated or whole
Shout it out so it don't be a secret to folk it go, (CAV)
Short for Cavee but I'm not from Cali
I'm from the rotten apple, dirty streets and alleys
Bed-Stuy Brooklyn doin' it exactly, Get at me!!!
Holla!!...Like Missy and Ja Rule
Ain't a crowd in the world that CAV cannot move
Hot dude, cats was thinkin' it's not true
But come front row at the show, I got proof
I went from sellin' candy in junior high school
To servin' spoony g for the fiends to gnaw to
Got sent upstate on a bus, (Not cool)
In the yard thinkin' damn should've listen to ma duke
Come home in 99, what the fuck I'm gonna do
I won't move bundles, I got a new hustle
I quit pie baking, started rhyme makin
Buildin' up my rep to be one of the five greatest
And I ain't saying CAV the best nigga out there
But until he appear, I'm sittin' in his chair
And I'mma need a few moments just to get in ya'll ear
To make you forget that dude was ever even here
I got two words for the world: Be prepared
I got three words for your girl: Don't be scared!
And when they ask where the real hip-hop, IT'S OVER HERE!
And when they ask where Brooklyn at, HOLD YA EARS!
It's like YEAH! Chris Antione Vashon
Capricorn hit em' off with the classic bong and then I'm gone...
Ridin' back to Brook-Lan... boyeeeeee










Ho! I gotta testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day I die, I'ma touch the sky
I gotta testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day I die, I'ma touch the sky
Back when they thought pink Polos would hurt the Roc
Before Cam got the shit to pop
The doors was closed
I felt like Bad Boy's street team: I couldn't work the locks
Now let's go, take 'em back to the plan
Me and my momma hopped in that U-Haul van
Any pessimists, I ain't talk to them
Plus I ain't have no phone in my apart-a-ment, uh
Let's take 'em back to the club
Least about an hour I stand on line
I just wanted to dance, I went to Jacob an hour
After I got my advance, I just wanted to shine
Jay favorite line: "Dawg, in due time!"
Now he look at me, like, "Damn, dawg! You where I am!"
A hip-hop legend
I think I died in that accident, ‘cause this must be Heaven
Uh, I gotta testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day I die, I'ma touch the sky
Oh! We gotta testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day we die, we gon' touch the sky
Now let's take 'em high
(Top of the world, baby, top-top of the world!)
Everybody take 'em high
(Top of the world, baby, top-top of the world!)
Now let's take 'em high
(Top of the world, baby, top-top of the world!)
Now let's take 'em high
(Top of the world, baby, top-top of the world!)
Back when Gucci was the shit to rock
Back when Slick Rick got the shit to pop
I'd do anything to say I got it
Damn, them new loafers hurt my pocket
Before anybody wanted K. West beats
Me and my girl split the buffet at KFC
Dog, I was havin' nervous breakdowns
Like, "Man, these niggas that much better than me?"
Baby, I'm goin' on an aeroplane
And I don't know if I'll be back again
Sure enough, I sent the plane tickets
But when she came to kick it, things became different
Girl I cheated on, sheets I skeeted on
Couldn't keep it at home, thought I needed a Nia Long
I'm tryin' to right my wrongs
But it's funny them same wrongs helped me write this song
Now, I gotta testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
Yeah, 'fore the day you die, you gon' touch the sky
You gon' touch the sky, baby girl, testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day you die, Lupe, touch the sky
Uh, uh, uh



We back at home, baby! Yeah
We back at home? Yeah, yeah
Make some noise for Lupe Fiasco right quick, yeah
Feels good to be home
Feels good to be home
Feels good to be home
Feels good to be home
Chi-town
Feels good to be home
Yeah, woo!
Verbal asked me do I need a pen?
Not right now
Everything I write now
I don't even write down
I don't need her right now
But I'm so bad
Ask her can she hold my gonads before they go bad
Since I did a song with Teriyaki I been acting very cocky
Using every opportunity to shit on everybody
If you heard I'll be in Houston like Bobby
Puffing on a blunt until the "B" got me body
There fees in the party?
Chillin' in the lobbies
Anything you heard happened, yo it probably did
Full Force trying to find where the Party is
For the last time to kick it like Karate Kid
Man that line was way obvious
Way out of my jurisdiction of my high snob
On my job kill a nigga no prob type flow
Just seen a nigga get Rob like Whoa!
Oh, should have tucked your chain
Niggas ain't playing man, it ain't a fuckin' game
All that frontin' for the audience
Make 'em not exist no more, Yugoslavians
(Yo
They try to jack my practice
Fully grown, fully blown, style's infectious
Why's it always VERBAL? The fact is
I'm in your face for ten years and still that fresh kid
Encrusted with stone colors never seen
Haters hate the accolades I get and underestimate
But wait, they still salivate
Looking at the chains I make
And they start calculating
Rumors start circulating
There's no relating
Y'all should be left out
This is my house, you don't like it?
Get the _______
So what now? Why you want to get with me?
Cuz I'm leaving legacies? 怒るでしかし!
全然デリカシー 無いとDANGER!
その頭はFAKE like it's アートの姉ちゃん
I'm that futuristic youth from Asia
If you can't comprehend then it's euthanasia)
(Japanese)
(Japanese)

Maybe they seen me on the videos
Or they heard me on the radio
Tip tried to tell me but damn I wouldn’t listen
Ye' tried to tell me but man I wouldn’t listen
Damn I should have listened
What would you do if it was you in my position?
Maybe they seen me on the videos
And they put me in the damage zone
Damn I should have listened
So for now I'm just laying low
Damn I should have listened
Cons, what makes you think you are any better than the rest?
If your homies wouldn't flip on you for a check
They try to stick you up for that chain around your neck
Even if they did man there is no disrespect
It's the rules of engagement, you just got engaged
Tryin to rewrite history before they turn the page
But that’s when they turn and aim
Shit you better learn the game
I mean what you thought would happen once you finally got ya stacks up
The same boy who would tell them fools to back up
Is mad as hell when he sees you hold your plaques up
To get them dranks in him (now he wanna act up)
To tell the friend who tell the friend to tell the friend
And since there's strength in numbers, jealousy begins
And it doesn’t matter if it’s true or it's not
These are the Consequences when they say that you’re hot
Tip tried to tell me but damn I wouldn’t listen
Ye' tried to tell me but man I wouldn’t listen
Damn I should have listened
What would you do if it was you in my position?
Maybe they seen me on the videos
And they put me in the damage zone
Damn I should have listened
So for now I'm just laying low
Damn I should have listened
Same old movie being re-enacted
They see me in that Benz coupe now they wanna jack 'em
But before they would have backed em
Now they screamin let me at em
Maybe they seen me on the videos
Or they heard me on the radio
And now they coming at me crazy yo
That’s why I gotta tuck the 80 yo
But how you gonna front on baby bro
Who's trying to go even though you told him take it slow
I guess you seem convinced
That they would put a suit on me like g's to gents
But I'm like a tea-bag when you put me in the corner
I just get stronger when my name's in hot water
So whether is true or not
These are the consequences when they say that you're hot
Tip tried to tell me but damn I wouldn’t listen
Ye' tried to tell me but man I wouldn’t listen
Damn I should have listened
What would you do if it was you in my position?
Maybe they seen me on the videos
And they put me in the damage zone
Damn I should have listened
So for now I'm just laying low
Damn I should have listened
Everybody told me told me told me told me baby baby
Damn I should have listened
Everybody told me baby everybody told me told me
Damn I should have listened
I know He got His hands on this
I know we got a chance on this
No, I never planned on this
I might need a band on this
This might get banned off rip
Go say something, 'fore y'all quit
Let me know something, who y'all with?
Don't know nothing, I know this
I know the Father breathed on this
Some won't like, we on this
Some might disagree on this
But I know something, He gon' listen
All y'all problems, He know it
Ain't no problem He don't get
God gonna solve 'em, He gon' fix
Just wait on Him, please don't quit
I know God breathed on this
I know God breathed on this
I know God breathed on this
I know God breathed on this
I know God breathed on this
I know God breathed on this
I know God breathed on this
I know God breathed on this
More than I can say for you
Before the sons and the daughters
Before the son and the water
More than I can say for you
But the truth still for you
Once I saw what the Lord do
God the Son, all the glory
God the Father like Maury
Don't care what you say, nothing on me
I don't care 'bout the lawyer fees
I don't care about your loyalties
God will solve it all for me
Trust this man, he a failure
Trust and God'll heal ya
Dustin, he a Hoffman
Don't fall what they're offering, uh
Fall far too often, yeah
Call God, but don't call enough
Fall down, but don't fall in love
I know God is all in us
I know God breathed on this
I know God breathed on this
I know God breathed on this
They ain't nothing He don't miss
Trust God, He don't miss
Want God he along this
I'ma style, we on this
Love of god, we on it




I know it's been a while sweetheart
We hardly talk, I was doing my thang
I know it was foul, baby
Ayy, babe, lately, you been all on my brain
And if somebody woulda told me a month ago
Frontin though, yo, I wouldn't wanna know
If somebody woulda told me a year ago
It'd go get this difficult
Feelin like Katrina with no F.E.M.A
Like Martin with no Gina
Like a flight with no visa
First class with the seat back I still see ya
In my past, you on the other side of the glass
Of my memory's museum
I'm just sayin, hey, Mona Lisa
Come home you know you can't roam without Caesar


In the night I hear 'em talk
The coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul
To a woman so heartless...
How could you be so heartless?
How could you be so heartless?
How could you be so
Cold as the winter wind when it breeze yo
Just remember that you talking to me yo
You need to watch the way you talking to me you know
I mean after all the things that we been through
I mean after all the things we got into
And yo I know of some things that you ain't told me
I did some things but that's the old me
And now you wanna get me back
And you gon' show me
You walk around like you don't know me
You got a new friend
But I got homies
But in the end it's still so lonely
In the night I hear 'em talk
The coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul
To a woman so heartless...
How could you be so heartless?
How could you be so heartless?
How could you be so Dr. Evil
You're bringing out a side of me that I don't know
I decided we wasn't gonna speak so why we up 3 a.m. on the phone
Why does she be so mad at me for
Homie I don't know she's hot and cold
I won't stop, won't mess my groove up
Cause I already know how this thing goes
You run and tell your friends that you're leavin' me
They say that they don't see what you see in me
You wait a couple months then you gon' see
You'll never find nobody better than me
In the night I hear 'em talk
The coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul
To a woman so heartless...
How could you be so heartless?
How could you be so heartless?
Talkin', talkin', talkin', talk
Baby let's just knock it off
They don't know what we been through
They don't know 'bout me and you
So I got something new to see
And you just gon' keep hatin' me
And we just gon' be enemies
I know you can't believe
I could just leave it wrong
And you can't make it right
I'm gon' take off tonight
Into the night...
In the night I hear 'em talk
The coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul
To a woman so heartless...
How could you be so heartless?
How could you be so heartless?
Okay, G.O.O.D. Music has arrived
You and your girls can finally get live
I'mma need you to turn the lights down
Whatever gon happen gon happen right now
Do whatever you want
Whatever you want



Now I need you to leave home any inhibitions
I promise you, won't be any intermissions
What's up with your home girl, I'm so persistent
We need an assistant, I'm just kidding
Whatever you want




Now when everybody way too aggressive
I'mma be the one to cool to even stress it
Even though I bought dresses, breasts, Benz's, Lexus
Yeah, you get the message
Whatever you want
Whatever you want









All night long {?'til when?}?
Til the early morn (it don't stop)
And uh (it don't quit)
And uh (So So Def with the dope shit, bitch!)

Guess what, baby? I feel free (Scoop)
Nothin' hurts me anymore
Guess what, baby? I feel free
Created in nah-nah-nah
Guess what, baby? I feel free
And you know damn well
Ah! I don't feel pain anymore
Guess what, baby? I feel free
You should quit your job to this
Hold up, let 'em drop the mist
Got on the concert
One stunt in yours, don't stunt on us
They stunted on, ah
I don't feel pain anymore
Guess what, baby? I feel free
This like a mix of some Ja Rule shit and some King Krule shit
Don't assume shit, the news shit
This a fool shit, I'm on some bullshit
I'm on some wildin' out in some new shit
I'm on somethin', 'bout to lose it
Take your con and does it, don't double fools it
Lyor come up arguin' saying, "Don't lose the music"
I got none' but cool shit, I been known to lose it
You stuck with a bunch of motherfuckers you don't know
Like a cruise ship
Hottest on new shit, bangin' on that new shit
Popstar, move it
Man, he goin' foolish
Man, he goin' stupid
Man, he got the movement
Now they couldn't move it
Talkin' in jewels, yeah
Can't not bump 'em anymore
Guess what, baby? I feel free
(Shut the fuck up and go suck some penises)
Yeah you in-between it
Devil and the deep blue
Stick to what you used to
Baby, piss into the wind probably still break equal
My manager and all the big record label heads
Said to make songs for they who can't write sentences
Said to keep it dumb because they just can't make sense of this
Misery don't love company, it loves ignorance
So get your mind gone, keep your mind blown
We don't need no knowledge, you just want another rap song
Get your mind gone, keep your mind blown
You don't want no knowledge, you just want another rap song
You just want another rap song
You just want another rap song
What it, what it
What it is cu cuz
What it is fo folk
I’ve been watchin’ you from over here on the other side of the club lookin’ at’chu all through that
Smoke
What do you drank, -drank
Little Patron, a little Grey Goose, a little Hennessey
But when I see you, all my girls like “What do you—
“Thank?”
“How do you feel,-feel?”
Butterflies running all up and down my chest but he’s so hot to death and I’m Sophia Fresh and that’s
Real
What am I suppose to do?
Get up and walk to a th-iz-ug and act like I'm innocent and cute?
Nah, I’mma step like
Yeah (What it is, nigga?)
Have you ever been down wit a female from the hood?
She can really make you feel good an’ make you sang
Hop in a Maserati, baby boy, we can roll
All I really wanna know is…
What it is (Uh huh)
What it is (Uh huh)
What it is (Uh huh)
What it is (Hey-ey)
What it is
What it is (Hey-ey)
What it is
What it is (Huh-uh-uh-uh)
Tch, whatever nigga
Huh, check this out
What it is pi-pimp
What it is du-dude?
I see you in your C-A-D-I
Double L while the A-C blows so
Cule
How does it ride –ride?
24s on the back wit a fifth 24 on the back
Twenty hits on a lac truck back up to a
Glide
Super high from the ground
I feel like I’m an alien in a UFO
Somebody better beam me up back on down
What else am I suppose to do?
Get up an’ walk to a th-iz-ug and act like im innocent and cute?
Haha, I’mma step like…
Uh, I don’t need no little ass
I need a ghetto ass
Girl wit a little car that can make it cross town wit just a little gas
I know when we first met
You was a little gassed
But you wanna keep your swag
So you was holdin’ back
Yo’ little brotha luv me
He say “Yeezy got some fresh clothes”
Yo’ grandmother luv me ‘cause I always dress in dress clothes
I can switch yo’ dress code
Change your life like “Presto”
I am like that aston martin engine, you just press “Go”
Why –why you ac’in’ like you ain’t impressed for?
Oh, see, why you listen to the press, though?
I-I-ain’t fitta ‘splain my life up on no Larry King ‘cause when I show her that thing, she say
“That explains everything”
“Everything”
“That just changed everything”
Yeezy on her name ring
Yeezy with her chain bling
Yea I throw Barack up, but
Baby, you get my vote
Love a ghetto girl
With more ass than the models
(See-see-see I did the-the skrewed up shit myself)
(I didn’t put no effect, no – you know)
Yeah a-yo Fab
I can tell they ain't used to this
I can tell they ain't
I can tell they ain't
I can tell they ain't used to this
I can tell they ain't used to this
With ya boy the Louis Vuitton Don
A.K.A. Marty McFly
And I'm on my fly shit
Straight from the Chi bitch
I can tell they ain't
I can tell they ain't they used to this


Uh Roc-A-Fella
Black people usin' black cars, isn't it ironic?
Smokin' weed on the yacht isn't it the chronic?
Plus the hoes good
Its feelin' like Rosewood
That black baller bullshit, we on it
Cops will pull you over like isn't there a problem?
No sir
But I realize the windows so blur
That you might've mistaked a nigga for a chauffeur
Ya might mistake that backseat for a sofur (sofa)
Now the dreads said to rap on everything
Cause he know that I snap on everything
Listen, when my flow commissions
It caused the commissioner to throw a cap on everything
My accountant said
If I get the crib on the side of the mountain
Right beside the fountain
And decide on the Phantom
I'll go broker than Hammer
Performin' in pajamas
Damn it

I can tell they ain't used to this
I can tell they ain't
I can tell they ain't
I can tell they ain't used to this

I want everybody to put they hands together for me
I want to talk about somebody real special tonight (whooooaaaa)
Ok, come on
Hey Mama, ahhhhhhhhhh, I wanna scream so loud for you
Cause I'm so proud of you, let me tell you what I'm about to do (hey Mama)
I know I act a fool, but I promise you I'm going back to school
I appreciate what you allowed for me, and I, I just want you to be proud of me (hey Mama)
I wanna tell the whole world about a friend of mine
This little light of mine, I'm feelin' let it shine
I'm feelin' take y'all back to them better times
I'm feelin' talk about my mama if y'all don't mind (hey Mama)
I was three years old when you and I move to the Chi
Late December, harsh winter gave me a cold
You fix me up something that was good for my soul
Famous home chicken soup, can I have another bowl (hey Mama)
You work late nights just to keep on the lights
Mommy got me training wheels so I can keep on my bike
And you would give me anything in this world
Michael Jackson leather and the glove, but didn't give me a curl (hey Mama)
And you never put no man over me, and I LOVE you for that Mommy can't you see?
Seven years old, caught you with tears in your eyes
Cause a nigga cheatin', tellin' you lies, then I started to cry (hey Mama)
As we knelt on the kitchen floor
I said, "Mommy, I'ma love you 'til you don't HURT no more!"
And when I'm older, you ain't gotta WORK no more
And I'ma get you that mansion that we couldn't afford (hey Mama)
See your unbreakable, unmistakable, highly capable, lady that's making loot
A living legend too, just look at what Heaven do, sent us an angel, and I thank you



There's only one girl on my agenda
(You talking bout Brenda?)
Naw I'm talking bout Linda, from last September
Now Linda love lace like Linda love lace
LaFace says she like +Mase+ but she love +Face+
And I know that Linda was a hip-hop-head
And I know that Linda gave Hip-Hop head
But I feel I could convert her
Cuz I ain't here to hurt her mayn
And she was messin wit me when I was still at Burger King
She ain't hop in my bed cuz of the whips and cream
Cuz when I had her in bed I had whip cream
Shakespearian midsummer night dream
I unzip things and pull out big things
They was flashin gr-green, she was like "ch-ching"
Got em, but she know a rreeal nigga when she, spot him
So now she's pickin dresses from Veroraiyn
Scratchin out her maiden and here's my name
Now I'm sittin at the bar wit all my guys
They sayin "Cheers to you for your future years of pain"
Like "Dog you ready to give all this shit up?
The summer's on its way and these hoes doin sit-ups
And when they see the way the G-5 lights lit up
Your gonna wanna have two like John Ritter"
But naww, I bought her a brand new BM
He said "Dog, slow down like Brand Nubian now"
I just feel the need to purge my soul from the work load
Couldn't watch another nigga get burnt slow
She said her man was busy, always bored her with work load
Never takes her out and falls asleep in his work clothes
She needs some excitement, which leads to this indictment
Believe what you like kid, according to her
When we recorded with her, Linda changed her name to Nicky
Sang along to Darlin Nicky, co-star of my quickies
That foot is so pretty, but I'm sure you recognize
That bra holds titties, those are her titties
Solar's so pretty, but not to rub it in
But that white Russian did make her lonely like the wind
So the over right that's in, on the over night depends
If you take heed the game, and please keep ya name, word
Cuz she's just a playa playa
That's playin games wit me
I can't see myself getting out the game, no time soon
Ooooh, as I continue as I, Ooooh, as I continue as I
Oooh, Oooh
Can't see myself getting out the game, no time soon
Ooooh, as I continue as I, Ooooh, as I continue as I
Oooh, Oooh


Yo mad niggas got dreams of the Lexus and coupes
Got their signin' bonus and bought TECs for the video shoot
Ayo them shits backfired before the cameraman arrived, he died
For his image, now let's start the scrimmage
In the first quarter, I sacked 25 MCs
By halftime you still got rhymes but they are diseased
They infected with 75 seconds of life left
I cremate MCs and breathe they ashes in my life's breath
In a life or death situation
I come through with the Chi representation
And bleed you pussies every month like ovulation
The sensation'll shine through your mind
Take it line for line



That an MC that can't rhyme is better off than said
From a malicious mouth face that makes radioactive space
The science we seek, world supremacy over beats
A league of crowd catalysts unleashed on the streets




I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
What I had to do, had to run from you
I'm in love with you, but the vibe is wrong
And that haunted me, all the way home
So you never know, never never know
Never know enough, 'til it's over love
'Til we lose control, system overload
Screaming, "No, no, no, n-nooo!"
I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
See I wanna move, but can't escape from you
So I keep it low, keep a secret code
So everybody else don't have to know
So keep your love lockdown - your love lockdown
Keeping your love lockdown - your love lockdown
You keep your love lockdown - your love lockdown
You keep your love lockdown - you lose
I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
I can't keep my cool, so I keep it true
I got something to lose, so I gotta move
I can't keep my-self, and still keep you too
So I keep in mind, when I'm on my own
Somewhere far from home, in the danger zone
How many times did I tell you 'fore it finally got through?
You lose, you lose
I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
See I had to go, see I had to move
No more wasting time, we can't wait for life
We're just racing time, where's the finish line?
I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
I bet no one knew, I got no one new
Know I said I'm through, but got love for you
But I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
Gotta keep it going, keep the loving going
Keep it on the roll, only God knows
If I be with you, baby I'm confused
You choose, you choose
I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
Where I’m bout to go, I don't need you
I've been down this road, too many times before
I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
So keep your love locked down, so keep your love lockdown
So keep your love locked down, so keep your love lockdown
Is anybody in the house right now in love right now?
In love right now, well keep your love lockdown
If anybody in the house right now is in love right now
Try your best to keep your love lockdown
Keep your love lockdown
Keep it on
Is it better to have loved and lost, than to never have loved at all?
This brings us to the end of my VH1 Storyteller
Thank you for
Being my shrink today and the stage as my couch
Thank you for allowing me to get some things off my chest and out of my mind
The ghosts out of my head so they will not haunt me at night
And just for this moment as I hear clap and hear you scream, just for this moment
I feel alright
My pain shall be your pleasure, my torment and tragedy
I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
See I had to go, see I had to move
No more wasting time, you can't wait for life
We're just racing time, where's the finish line?
Where’s the finish line?
Are we at the finish line?
Running for the finish line
Running for the finish line
Are we at the finish line?
Are we at the finish line?
Are we at the finish line?
Are we at the finish line?
You run for the finish line
You run for the finish line
I’m not ready to fi-finish life
But I’m on the finish line
So I run from the finish line
I run from the finish line
‘Cause I’m not ready to finish life
I gotta run from the finish life
So keep your love lockdown, so keep your love
You keep your love
We’re low…
Not loving you, way I wanted to
What I had to do, had to run from you
I'm in love with you, but the vibe is wrong
And that haunted me, all the way home
So you never know, never never know
Never know enough, 'til it's over love
'Til we lose control, system overload
Screaming, "No, no, no, no, no, noo
I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
What I had to do, had to run from you
So I keep it low, keep a secret cold
So everybody else don’t have to know
So keep your love lockdown
You keep your love lockdown and you lose
Is anybody in the house right now that’s in love right now?
You gotta keep your love locked down, you gotta keep your love
Promise me, promise me, promise me, promise me
Please, please, promise me
Please, promise me, please
That you will keep your love lockdown
Just try to keep your love lockdown
You don’t want to make the music
I’m forced to make right now
I know it sounds good and all
But I would rather have my love lockdown
That number one hit don’t mean shit
If it’s nobody to celebrate with
To celebrate with, to levitate with
You gotta keep your love lockdown, your love lockdown
Your love lockdown, your love lockdown
Now keep your love lockdown, your love lockdown
You lose
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Man, I know what type of guy you is
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Money, that's my girl! Lookin', you dig?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
You know what man, I'm used to y'all
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Fuck you! Shit you heard that?
I hated on y'all niggas before
But not on no ho shit, I just wanted your hoes
And I ain't gon' lie, I'll lie to a bitch
Quick as hell, you sick as hell, that bitch thick as hell
I let her get my pager, she let me get the cell
Picked her up, did her well, dropped her off, get my mail
Y'all know, she wanna page me all day
Wanna ride the dick like yippee Kanye
I figured though, long as she don't let a nigga know
Game tight, like ankles on Girbauds
And you know go getters be on these hoes
Genuwine, they wanna ride my pony though
Cause their niggas all lame, need to give back their name
Or return their jersey and retire from the game
Why this nigga wanna hate me mane?
Make me take it off safety mane, and make me aim
.380s make it hotter, 87 street
Eight deep in a Cadillac Escalada
That I just leased out with my pants creased out
When I pull the piece out, niggas like peace out
Oh, oh, oh, oh
Why these niggas wanna hate me mane?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Why these niggas wanna hate me mane?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Gotta take it off safety mane
No, no, no, no, no
No I can't let 'em take me mane

Oh, oh, oh, oh
Why these niggas wanna hate me mane?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Why these niggas wanna hate me mane?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Gotta take it off safety mane
No, no, no, no, no
No I can't let 'em take me mane

Oh, oh, oh, oh
Why these niggas wanna hate me mane?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Why these niggas wanna hate me mane?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Gotta take it off safety mane
No, no, no, no, no
No I can't let 'em take me mane
Back when they thought pink polo's would hurt the Roc
Before Cam got the shit to pop
The doors was closed, I felt like Bad Boy's street team
I couldn't work the locks
Now let's go
Take 'em back to the plan
Me and my momma hopped in the U-Haul van
Any pessimists I ain't talked to them
Plus, I ain't have no phone in my apartment
Let's take 'em back to the club
Least about an hour I would stand on line
I just wanted to dance
I went to Jacob an hour after I got my advance
I just wanted to shine
Jay's favorite line: "Dog, in due time"
Now he look at me, like "Damn, dog, you where I am"
A hip hop legend
I think I died in an accident, cause this must be heaven
They say your attitude determines your latitude
I'm high as a motherfucker, fly as a motherfucker
And still the motherfucker you love to hate
But can't because you love what I make
Now ain't that about a bitch
That I'mma talk shit until I'm out of hits
They say your attitude determines your latitude
I'm high as a motherfucker, ffly as a motherfucker
And still the motherfucker you love to hate
But can't because you love what I make

They say your attitude determines your latitude
I'm high as a motherfucker, fly as a motherfucker
And still the motherfucker you love to hate
But can't because you love what I make
Now ain't that about a bitch
That I'mma talk shit until I'm out of hits
They say your attitude determines your latitude
I'm high as a motherfucker, ffly as a motherfucker
And still the motherfucker you love to hate
But can't because you love what I make

They say your attitude determines your latitude
I'm high as a motherfucker, fly as a motherfucker
And still the motherfucker you love to hate
But can't because you love what I make
Now ain't that about a bitch
That I'mma talk shit until I'm out of hits
They say your attitude determines your latitude
I'm high as a motherfucker, ffly as a motherfucker
And still the motherfucker you love to hate
But can't because you love what I make
Na, na, na, na, na (get off me)
Runnin' up softly (get off me)
Go win it or something? (get off-)
Na, na, na, na, na (get off me)
Runnin' up softly (get off me)
Go win it or something? (get off-)
Na, na, na, na, na (get off me)
Runnin' up softly (get off me)
Go win it or something? (get off-)
Na, na, na, na, na (get off me)
Runnin' up softly (get off me)
Go win it or something? (get off-)
Na, na, na, na, na (get off me)
Runnin' up softly (get off me)
Go win it or something? (get off-)
Na, na, na, na, na (get off me)
Runnin' up softly (get off me)
Go win it or something? (get off-)
Na, na, na, na, na (get off me)
Runnin' up softly (get off me)
Go win it or something? (get off-)
Na, na, na, na, na (get off me)
Runnin' up softly (get off me)
Go win it or something? (get off-)
Na, na, na, na, na (get off me)
Runnin' up softly (get off me)
Go win it or something? (get off-)
Na, na, na, na, na (get off me)
Runnin' up softly (get off me)
Go win it or something? (get off-)
Na, na, na, na, na (get off me)
Runnin' up softly (get off me)
Go win it or something? (get off-)

This a story about a bad girl that used to be good
A miseducation of Lauryn that stayed in the hood
See she probably could have made it in Hollywood
But she was misguided, misled, and misunderstood
She wanted her baby dad with good hair like Blair Underwood
And push a whip with 12 cylinders under the hood
Now she got 6 kids to feed under her roof
She didn't want her daughters to end up in the same position
So she named one hope named the other ambition
But the problems with poverty left them with no choice
Then one got locked
Then one got popped
Don't worry Mom


Yeah, this joint right here man, is for all my blue collar niggas
In the Midwest goin through our struggle
We know things could be better, huh
And we just want a little mooore
No matter how much I get (I want mooore)
Even when I talk my shit (I want mooore)
Every party on every list
And everybody want a life like this
But still (I want more)
Look.. now I ain't goin for the okey-doke (nope)
You owe me dough?, you better pay me like you know we broke
This industry be tryin to strangle niggas in the choke
You think these rappers rich? These niggas out here sellin dope
You think it's crazy sayin, "If I had what he had"
But if you had what he had, nigga you'd be mad
Three kids, see dad broke-ass waitin on the royalties with no cash
Nice car, no gas, stuck at the pump
Had a lil' hot single now he's stuck in a slump
At the top of his section eight, straight waitin to jump
Like Milli Vanilli, now people just look at him silly
Sayin "That's umm - I forgot his name - who is he?"
He wanted (mooore) never really thought of the loss
Lookin for (mooore) everybody playin the boss
To get (mooore) now he just stuck in the sauce
Like white kids when they got cut off, "Daddy I want.." (mooore)
Yeah, yeah, yeah
This go out to every man tryin to achieve and hold his own
Them ladies are nice, but you gotta leave them hoes alone
They'll take it and bro, break in your phone, call your boss up
(Where that nigga at?) Or tell your wife to try to break up your home
Now your baby momma takin your son, learn from mistakes I done
Yesterday we all naked and fun
I ain't thinkin of none, break in and cum, soon as you done run
This is real talk, nigga one-on-one
Between me and you, now this mano a mano
How you gon' catch mono from a ho that work at McDonald's
Now you lookin like the clown like Ronald
That's where Kells fucked up, cause young girls he decided to fondle
And I ain't fin' ta let HIV zip my bag
I started usin' rubbers again, it ain't that bad
You gotta take care of yourself mayne, don't get grabbed
Cause if you die, people be like "Aww that's too bad"
I want (mooore)
Everybody so weak like, like, they afraid to speak
If you see that nigga violate then hit him in his cheek
Tryin to act like, like, you reppin the street
You ain't a gangsta, you a bitch with a beat
So it's time to make role call, then expose y'all
Adam & Eve shocked in the garden with no drawers
While niggas gettin popped on my block with no laws
I grew up with Disciples that'll smash ya gold off
I never plugged, cause I know that when you do that shit
You locked in for life, nigga yeah, etched in blood
But it's hard to get respect when you less than thug
And you ain't fin' to serve here if you ain't with us
Us meanin them, them meanin G.D
Gangster Disciples, the same ones that killed Cochise
So see, how he, well he, meanin me
Refused to be another nigga dead in the street
I wanted (mooore)
Yo, waddup this is Kanye and you're checking out Big Sean, Finally Famous: Volume 1
It's crazy though how I met him, you know
I'm leaving the radio station and he comes up to me like "Yo, I just wanna spit for you"
And I say "Okay, you got 16" and he went and spit about 100 bars and I looked at him
And I said "That shit was crazy, I'mma sign you"
I know I'd just seen pretty like unbelievable, the stories we always hear about
But when I heard the songs he was doing, man I knew he had to be on GOOD Music
So man, congratulations dawg, you're finally famous
I got the right to put up a fight
But not quite cause you cut off my lights
But my sight is better tonight
And I might see you in my nightmare
But how'd you'd get there
Cause we were once a fairy tale
But this is farewell
I got my life and it's my only one
I got the night, I'm running from the sun
So good night, I'm headed out the door..
After tonight, there will be no return
After tonight, I'm taking off on the road
I'm taking off on the road
And that you know
That you know
Tell everybody that you know
That I don't love you no more
And that's one thing that you know
That you know
Okay, I'm back up on my grind
You do you and I'm just gon' do mine
You do you and I'm just gon' be fine
Okay, I got you out my mind
And the night is young, the drinks is cold
The stars is out, I'm ready to go
You always thought I was always wrong
Well, now you know
Tell everybody, everybody that you know
Tell everybody that you know
That I don't love you no more
And that's one thing that you know
That you know
That you know, ohhh
(Yo) Who wanna fuck wit', the fat boy of the Roc?
(blldddttt) stick em, ha, another victim
Mac pullin' capers again
Fuck with that money paper then
Light as a rock, gonna light up the block
Don't believe in cases, goin all out
Paintin' faces, switch my picture, like tradin' places
For that money what?
Everybody hands up, or hands down money tucked
I flip the money trucks, money I don't give a fuck
Ay money, shut the fuck up
It's only a stickup
You don't stand a chance, give it quick up
You 'bout to turn into an ambulance pickup
Enough with the cocky stuff, fuck all that stocky stuff
Don't get smacked like a hockey puck
I ain't wit' that rocky stuff
I'm strapped got this gat (Blah blah blah blah)
What?

I'm on fire like a molotov cocktail
I'm high off them cocktails
Dangerous gone broke, my aim is no joke
Duct taped, roped, strangle your folks
Box cut across the throat (nope)
Bang the four 'till it's broke
Prey on niggas in a circlular pattern
Catch you playin' craps, car in reverse
I'm circlin' back
Man I stay up in them dice games, fuck a ice chain
A Ice ring, I'm tryin' to come up on some nice change
In case a nigga might swing, they gets a might thang
Pull out the right thang, show em it's a spike thang
Make you do the right thing, like a Spike Lee joint
Bang that pussy in his right knee joint
You get the sergeant and cap couldn't tell mack (freeze)
I'm like a rat dodgin' traps when it come to the cheeze
Backwards wrapped my trough
Won't hesitate to clap ya folks
I'm on tilt like a rapid (?)
Back now nigga, all black down nigga
Mack now, loaded up wit' black towns nigga
Frontline, clap down, background niggas
One nine clap crowns, and smack down niggas
Keep rope to hogtie you pork ass niggas
Stuffin' the boot to shoot hoops you sports ass nigga
Wouldn't shoot a game of pool
8-ball in the corner pocket, stop it
You niggas flippin' Guess jeans profit
Disrespectin' the scale, expectin' to sell
You got seeds in ya weed, disrespectin' the L
Don't got 20's on ya wheels disrespectin' the car
You burnin rubber and that squad, disrespectin the tar
You niggas wore ass backwards, vest and no gat
Same thing with your hustle, rustled and packed
The ball back on missions
Drop the east the mack more vicious
Back to snatch or crack off dishes


Closed on Sunday, you're my Chick-fil-A
Closed on Sunday, you my Chick-fil-A
Hold the selfies, put the 'Gram away
Get your family, y'all hold hands and pray
When you got daughters, always keep 'em safe
Watch out for vipers, don't let them indoctrinate
Closed on Sunday, you my Chick-fil-A
You're my number one, with the lemonade
Raise our sons, train them in the faith
Through temptations, make sure they're wide awake
Follow Jesus, listen and obey
No more livin' for the culture, we nobody's slave
Stand up for my home
Even if I take this walk alone
I bow down to the King upon the throne
My life is His, I'm no longer my own
I pray to God that He'll strengthen my hand
They will think twice steppin' onto my land
I draw the line, it's written in the sand
Try me and you will see that I ain't playin'
Now, back up off my family, move your hands
I got my weapons in the spirit's land
I, Jezebel don't even stand a chance
Jezebel don't even stand a chance
I'm tired of being what you want me to be
Feeling so faithless, lost under the surface
Don't know what you're expecting of me
Put under the pressure of walking in your shoes
(Caught in the undertow, just caught in the undertow)
Every step that I take is another mistake to you
(Caught in the undertow, just caught in the undertow)
I've become so numb, I can't feel you there
Become so tired, so much more aware
I'm becoming this, all I want to do
Is be more like me and be less like you
Can't you see that you're smothering me?
Holding too tightly, afraid to lose control?
'Cause everything that you thought I would be
Has fallen apart right in front of you
(Caught in the undertow, just caught in the undertow)
Every step that I take is another mistake to you
(Caught in the undertow, just caught in the undertow)
And every second I waste is more than I can take
I've become so numb, I can't feel you there
Become so tired, so much more aware
I'm becoming this, all I want to do
Is be more like me and be less like you
And I know, I may end up failing too
But I know, you were just like me with someone disappointed in you
I've become so numb, I can't feel you there
Become so tired, so much more aware
I'm becoming this, all I want to do
Is be more like me and be less like you
I've become so numb, I can't feel you there
(I'm tired of being what you want me to be)
I've become so numb, I can't feel you there
(I'm tired of being what you want me to be)
DJ Boom, beats on streets and here with my man Kanye West
Producer of H to the Izzo, Takeover and all that. Let them know man
Yo, it's Kanye to the man. Just play my shit man
Let a nigga hear somethin' finally. (Holla)
Yo, DJ Boom, back for the first time. It's really my first time yo
This is...Kanye to the. Not on the beat though
You know what I'm sayin'? ON the beat motherfuckers
What up G? What up Hop? Look, c'mon
As a shorty had a Schwinn, look that's the best bikes
Shorty had three friends, that's my best dykes
Said her best friend wanna see what Kanye West like
Cause her man dress like a transvestite
You ain't know I get a deal because I rhyme tight
Sport Rocs before your deal to be an Unsigned Hype
Give a fuck about your rippin' down some open mics
I'm gonna go ahead and give you these beats for free, psych
You rappers too lame, you ain't James, y'all ain't worthy
I fly out to Newark just to get some new jerseys
I be back to Chi about every two Thursdays
I can't buy water around niggas too thirsty
I can't rock ice around niggas too hatin'
Can't rock Motorola, niggas two wayin'
I Alter like Beast in an altercation
Infrared make you juke like Walter Payton
So, grand theft auto
Come up out your auto
Mobile, before I pull more steel than Soprano
Still trying to make more meals than McDonald's
So cut my slice like Giordano's
And they did
I made 500 Gs in this
First beat on what The Truth and The Reason is
She told me if you read music you a genius
I don't play but I'll introduce you to my pianist
Now, tell me that's that regular producer rap
You can listen to the flow and tell I used to rap
You look in my eyes
Think I won't use the gat?
Until
Paramedics gotta use the bag
Cause
In my eyes, you'se the fag
You're like a hermaphrodite dyke dressed in drag
So let's see how many slugs that vest can have
And you ain't really the worst, you just next to last
Uh, Kanye to the...motherfuckin' West
Yo, DJ Boom, good lookin' out man
Cause ah, niggas is really doubtin'
Niggas lookin' at a lot of motherfuckers they see on TV
And just figure-they be like, "Oh, you rap?"
Naw, motherfucker, I just did beats nigga
To have some shit to rap on nigga
Ha ha, I'm tryin' to understand, why the fuck if a nigga got hot beats
He can't have hot rhymes? Why is that nigga?
Why niggas just can't do a lot of shit good?
What a nigga can chew gum and tie his shoes at the same time?
Fuckin' A&Rs


All you do is party, you just lookin' for somebody
With some (Cash for you to burn, the kind of stuff you earn)
All that ass don't hurt nobody
Me and all my posse, we brought (Cash for you to burn, the kind of stuff you earn)

All you do is party, you just lookin' for somebody
With some (Cash for you to burn, the kind of stuff you earn)
All that ass don't hurt nobody
Me and all my posse, we brought (Cash for you to burn, the kind of stuff you earn)

Y'all know what it is, uh, yeah, uh

I do my dirt all by my lonely and I got the heart to fight
So please refrain from hatin (on me!) before I turn out ya lights
Ain't no hesitation, I got the guns to fight
So please refrain from hatin (on me!) before I turn out ya lights


I guess I get mad when you get boxed in
So mad, you wanna start boxin'
So mad, you gonna turn to Tyson
Slicin' and dicin'
Paparazzi, I'm like a Nazi to 'em
I'm not Bill Cosby to 'em
And I ain't Bing Crosby
Aye yo, I've got to ruin
The image and the style that you're used to doin'
When people usually do music
I am a visionary, Christian soldier, don't confuse it
Before I lose it and have to prove it
This the way that we gon', time; we gotta move it to the future
Karma Sutra, any way that suit ya
Don't shoot ya, stop the violence and it's been stopped
We stopped the violence in the hip-hop
We stopped the hatin' and the degradation
We 'bout to build like One Nation
Got off the phone with Benjamin Carson
Uh, that's the next president, arson
Burn it down, burn Hollywood, burn like Ice Cube said
I'm the rudest, a lot of people say that
Cause they say, "Ye, don't play that"
They be off that Grey Goose, I be off that Ye Juice
That's the way I stay loose
Confidence and esteem, American dream
My crib's spatial and my relationship is interracial
I don't know where to start, I don't know where to start
Maybe the chart, maybe the heart
Maybe the flow, maybe the gold
Where I was grown, what I grew up in
Well, you see, my mama divorced my daddy
And moved my family when I was 3
And in the cold, straight from Chicago where I go
And everybody know, from my homie Don C, I be air
Aye, yo, like IBM or Apple, Steve Jobs of this
Yeah, I'm on my job with this
Aye, yo, it's very, very simple
You heard me on Jimmy Kimmel, I can do it every tempo
I'll use my temple
I wanna build a temple, I wanna build churches
That could be as big as The Adam's Family's, where Lurch is
Aye, yo, this is not a circus
The zoo is closed, motherfuckers
It ain't no cursin' in the verse which you know is not perfect
And now you know it's still worth it
I might short-circuit, I might just black out
Hit you with that "BLOCKA!"
You know I'm Ibaka
Number One Chief Rocker, Number One Chief Rocker
Ain't nobody gon' stop him, ain't nobody gon' stop us
Because God on my side, that's the way I ride
Jesus Christ, Yeezus nice!
One time I had lost my faith
But I had to stay faithful and grateful for the God I was given
The way that I was livin' or the life that I've been livin'
It didn't make a difference
See, when I was 30, I had 6 parents
Grandmother, grandfather, grandmother, grandfather
Mother, father, now I've only got one parent
Life could change in a blink, and that is apparent
But still you've got to stay strong
I don't know what everybody else is on
Sometimes I don't listen to music, I just need to zone out
Sometimes I don't listen to music, everybody clones now
And I doubt they even listen, and I ain't tryna diss 'em
But sometimes I be in music and feel like it's a prison
And everybody say bein' a rockstar is everything
But see, I wanna do everything
And I know I could do everything
And be anything that I wanna be
So simply, if you wanna be like Mike
I wanna be like Christ, I wanna be that nice
You know what I'm saying?
Okay, this beat just threw me off
Took it extra old-school
This ain't no freestyle beat, yo, yo, dude!
Can I get some light in here?
Cellphones in the air






Make some noise for Beyoncé one time Brooklyn
I'mma leave you with this
Don't be good, Brooklyn, be great
Be great
Thank you for tonight, thank you for tonight
I love you
Oh yeah, oh yeah
Oh yeah, oh yeah
Yeah, oh yeah, my son
Woah yeah, bangers on
Bangers don't, bangers don't
Bangin' to ya'
Oh yeah, oh yeah
Hoe death and hoe there
When the sun, it goes there
Why the fuck they go there?
Where the sun is no fair
When i'm on some i'm so flair
Where the sun are going less
When i'm on some i pull up there
I'ma pull out and in the lair
Want us pullin' in the rear
Think up son, why won't we hear?
'Bout to go another year
Oh yeah, oh yeah
Oh yeah, oh yeah
For the health and for the care
Yeah, oh yeah, my son
Woah yeah, bangers on
Bangers don't, bangers don't
Bangin' to ya'
Oh yeah, oh yeah
Oh yeah, oh yeah
How many kings can still be crowned?
Someone's got my bump (Ooh)
Pumpin' on my line (Ooh)
Niggas waiting on my turn (Ooh)
You niggas is dead (Ooh)
Niggas all with that (Ooh)
Oh yeah, oh yeah
Oh yeah, oh yeah
Oh yeah, oh yeah
Poppin', ooh, pop this too
I'm on some, niggas done with you
Oh yeah, oh yeah
Oh yeah, oh yeah






My hands straight to the sky, I can't escape this high
Sometimes I felt like I just couldn't wait to die
If I fall, I can't fly, can't hate the sky
For not slowin' me down before I hit the ground
Before I hit the town, I used to hit the weed
Try to hang around thieves just tryna get degrees
But I end up 'round rats just tryna get the cheese
It ain't gotta be all that, I ain't beggin', but, bitch, please


You like to ride, uh
So why don't you and your friends get with me and my friends
My friends, my friends, my friends, my friends?
Would you like to ride?
I don't know what happened, it's just like
So why don't you and your friends get with me and my friends
My friends, my friends, my friends, my friends?
I had that little ass Nissan at your crib showin' up
Liquor store out of Arbor Mist, we Irish rosed it up
Then we rolled to the movies, you rocked your fake Chloes
You had Gap and Gucci, that's still two Gs
But that's that last year purse like it's still too cheap
Ooh, you so boozy, boo, you could've fooled me
'cause five years ago, you was so Fugees
Now you don't want nothin' unless it cost a few Gs
You like the light-skinned Ania, the dark-skinned Aaliyah
The black Jennifer Lopez, a ghetto senorita
You remind me of my Jeep but not no Kia
We can talk on your cell but not Nokia
It be goin' in and out, that's why I barely hear ya
It be goin' in and out like a robbery, ah
I'm tryin' to take this money like Robin Geeda
Then I'ma take you to the house like Trick and Trina
Would you like to ride shotgun in the Escalade?
So why don't you and your friends get with me and my friends
My friends, my friends, my friends, my friends?
Like a cloud in our sky, grab your things, let's fly away
So why don't you and your friends get with me and my friends
My friends, my friends, my friends, my friends?

Would you like to ride shotgun in the Escalade?
So why don't you and your friends get with me and my friends
My friends, my friends, my friends, my friends?
Like a cloud in our sky, grab your things, let's fly away
So why don't you and your friends get with me and my friends
My friends, my friends, my friends, my friends?

Goddamnit, I'm grown
Broke broad, I'ma leave your ass alone
You still wanna ride though
Would you like to ride shotgun in the Escalade
So why don't you and your friends get with me and my friends
My friends, my friends, my friends, my friends?
Like a cloud in our sky, grab your things, let's fly away
So why don't you and your friends get with me and my friends
My friends, my friends, my friends, my friends
Would you like to ride shotgun in the Escalade
So why don't you and your friends get with me and my friends
My friends, my friends, my friends, my friends?
Like a cloud in our sky, grab your things, let's fly away
So why don't you and your friends get with me and my friends
My friends, my friends, my friends, my friends?







(Oh oh oh oh oh)
Chamillitary mayne
Most of these rappers tell nothin but lies (nothin but lies)
(Oh oh oh oh oh)
Nahhhhh, nah, nah, nah (woo, woo)
You can tell that they lyin when you look in their eyes
(Why are we...late)
Stop lyin, you boys ain't makin nothin (stop lyin)
Stop lyin, you boys ain't makin nothin (stop lyin)
(Oh oh oh oh oh)
Stop lyin, you boys ain't makin nothin
If you ask me they all frontin
Yeah, see the sophomore album comin (Oh oh oh oh oh), the definition of horror
I don't need your fake friends or your fake Hakuna Matatas (woo) (Oh oh oh oh oh)
Osama, the Unabomber, Kevorkian, Jeffrey Dahmer
Decided to get together, they never could do what I'm a
(Why are we...late)
It's like every thought I think is equivalent to a dollar
If I lost 10 million, I'd shrivel into a baller (Oh oh oh oh oh)
Money never smaller, stacks taller than Jordan's father
My wallet be lookin pregnant, Ben Franklin gonna have a daughter
Holla, if you ever mess with my dollars
You'll be pissed on like your name was Isiah Thomas
Your label took your album, threw it up in the air and they shot it (blaow)
Now that the rap game is rotted, I gotta do somethin 'bout it (Why are we...late)
I was movin mixtapes, while Dre was movin the "Chronic"
Started movin millions, soon as Kanye's moved into "College"
I can take ya overseas in the villas that look exotic
You would think it's open bar how the water look like Hypnotiq (Oh oh oh oh oh)
I'm the "Million Dollar Man", my money movin "Bionic"
Fast like the month of what Ramadan do if you Islamic (yeah) (Oh oh oh oh oh)
Bow down to the Mecca, the minute the kid is spotted
They like "hassa lamma lakem," the chick I'm with is a goddess (Why are we...late)
And the drop broad is a foreigner like she Scottish
I make sure the feet stay with a pedicure, keep 'em polished (Oh oh oh oh oh)
Am I not the best to come out of Houston Man be honest
How come my name in they mouth more than they orthodontist (Oh oh oh oh oh)
If I say that I'm the best, then just know that I'm bein honest
If I say I'm filthy rich, then just know that I'm bein modest (Oh oh oh oh oh)
You doubt it, just think about it, success gonna assist my promise
I'm able to pull unlimited digits out of my wallet (Why are we...late)
My digits ain't got no limits, my digits turn into commas
My crib so big in mileage, your mansion look like a cottage (haha) (Oh oh oh oh oh)
Uh, better not tell me you ain't got it
If money you owe's the topic, if money you owe's the topic
If money you owe's the topic, you better come through and drop it
Better pull somethin outta your ass (outta your ass), like a colonic
When ya fail, they all yell, so that y'all sound like some riots
The crowd goes wild, the "Victory's" been decided (Why are we...late)
Platinum makes 'em be quiet, you wish that you had some silence
(*silence for 3 seconds*)
Not Gangsta Boo, I ain't gotta ask "Where Da Dollars At " (where da dollars at )
I could show you exactly where the dollars stacks (Oh oh oh oh oh)
I have you pacin, I'm navigatin, like I'm a map
Like mapquest with the moula, when it come down to that (Oh oh oh oh oh)
Y'all tried to wish me out the spot, but I'm still here
Have to have cheated cause this life don't even feel fair (yeah) (Why are we...late)
Pushin the chrome like I'm rollin on a wheelchair
My money longer than the Bin Laden beard hair (Oh oh oh oh oh)
I'm still rippin up the game, do you hear the tear (tear)
The world still round and y'all still square (Oh oh oh oh oh)
Yeah
Mixtape Messiah ... 3
(Oh oh oh oh oh)
Nah, nah, nah, nah
Most of these rappers tell nothin but lies (Oh oh oh oh oh)
Nah, nah, nah, nah
You can tell that they lyin when you look in their eyes (Why are we...late)
Stop lyin, you boys ain't makin nothin
Stop lyin, you boys ain't makin nothin (Oh oh oh oh oh)
Stop lyin, you boys ain't makin nothin
If you ask me they all frontin ...
(Why are we...late)

We can't stop let's go, oh
We are the future, you are the past
Don't get in our way, 'cause we'll kick your ass
You might be on top now, but time moves fast
Oh oh oh oh oh, we can't stop, let's go

Refuse to be labeled, degraded and boxed in
Let's go
Oh oh, we are the future, oh oh, you are the past
Oh oh, don't get in our way, oh oh, 'cause we'll kick your ass
Oh oh, you might be on top now, oh oh, but time moves fast
Oh oh oh oh oh, we can't stop, let's go

Oh oh, we are the future, oh oh, you are the past
Oh oh, don't get in our way, oh oh, 'cause we'll kick your ass
Oh oh, you might be on top now, oh oh, but time moves fast
Oh oh oh oh oh, we can't stop, let's go

Oh oh, we are the future, oh oh, you are the past
Oh oh, don't get in our way, oh oh, 'cause we'll kick your ass
Oh oh, you might be on top now, oh oh, but time moves fast
Oh oh oh oh oh, we can't stop, let's go

I walk through the halls of the school and it’s cool to be known by many for my rapping ability
But what about the brothers who ain’t got it like me
Making money off the trade
You could say I had it made
Drugs are on the rise
And it’s not a big surprise
You see no soul in a young brother’s eyes
Trying to be hard by the streets, but the streets kinda hard
But here's another factor we wanna disregard
Black-on-black is a stab in my back
It really hurts my soul when I hear about that
You just popped in the Lil Jon remix of "The Workout Plan", and
And 5, 4, 3, 2, 1
And here come the 5 to the 7 and 6
I dropped out of college, I can't count worth shit
When the album dropped I was dissing this
Now everybody know this the shit
Part 2, this the update
First rule: stay away from the cupcakes
The second rule is so underrated
They claim the song was so degradin'
"But shit it's still my favorite
And he ain't talkin' 'bout me though"
Hello, then who I'm talking about, people?
OK, whatever you want to believe though
And I even took my own advice
This gut ain't nothing these hoes’ll like
I said, I look like LL
Took my shirt off, she claimed "I can't tell"
But never say I can't sell
Pat, where we at right now, 3 mil?
Who the best? Who the best now?
OK leave me out of it
Tell me who the rest now?
It's been a week without me
And she feel weak without me
She wanna talk it out but
Ain't nothin' to talk about
‘Lest, she talkin' about freakin' out
Then maybe we can work it out
Work it out
Work it out
Work it out
Work it out now
Maybe we can work it out
Oh girl your silhouette make me wanna light a cigarette
My name Kanye from the Jigga set Twista said... said... said...

So, its crush time, Shawty show me you can do so
Gon’ Work it, put down the philly steaks
I know you love how my lexus ride
But get them with them legs, don’t flex them thighs
You know want it, don’t testify
Try my New Workout Plan called Sex-ercise
That’s real
You don’t wanna go a day without me
She don’t really wanna lay without me
I know you love when i’m workin' it in now, baby we can work it out






No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger, swagger like us
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger, swagger like us
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger, swagger like us
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger, swagger like us


We should’ve never ever let Michael Jordan play for the Wizards
We should’ve never ever let Michael Jordan play for the Wizards
We should’ve never ever let MJ play for the Wizards
Why did that happen?
Why did that happen?
We should’ve never ever let MJ play for the Wizards
We couldn’t stop — we would stop — MJ playing for the Wizards
Why did that happen?
Six championships
The best years of our life
Playing through the flu
Every single night
I believed I could fly
And I wanted to be just like Mike
I believed I could fly
And I wanted to be just like Mike
We should’ve never ever let MJ play for the Wizards
Why did that happen?
Does anybody here know why that happened?
When a player
When a player wants to become an owner
When a player
When a player that’s done more for the league than the league could’ve done for him
When a player that made the NBA wants to become an owner of the team that he brought so much glory to, a team he brought so much story to
A team that has his statue in the front of the motherfucking building
But do you know what the owners of that team told MJ?
You’re just a player, homeboy
You can’t get no pay
You can’t own shit
They told Michael Jordan he couldn't own shit!
We should’ve never ever let MJ play for the Wizards
We should’ve never ever let MJ play for the Wizards
Now y’all know why MJ went to play for the Wizards
Because this very team wouldn’t let him be an owner
I’m talking about one of the most important people in our civilization
One of the most influential people in our civilization
They tried to marginalize
And in order to make his point he had to put on a motherfucking Wizards jersey
To let y’all know “Oh yes I am gonna be an owner just like Magic Johnson”
We should’ve never let MJ ever play for the Wizards
Never never never never let him go
Because til I die MJ represents the Bulls
So tonight I’m about to put my 23 on
So tonight I gotta put my 23 on
You know
Oh, you know
I just want you to know
I just got off the plane Chicago
It's ya boy Kanye West on the beat
Aye, White Boy
(You know) I just want you to know, I just want you to know
(You know) I just want you to know, this boy here finna' blow
(You know) Southside up in here, Westside up in here
Eastside up in here, throw your hands in the air
Kanye the best in the game, now we got that, that thing clear
Kanye West is the name, Southside up in here
Y'all niggas stole the soul, y'all niggas all some clones
Y'all need to change y'all tone, nigga I control the gold
Motherfucker close the door, light the weed and let the doja blow
Why you keep bawlin' though girl, you ain't been around hoes before?
Why my chain rosey gold, why my wrist below zero
How the hell I know B-Lo, why them girls tell you no means no
No means no just as sure as green means go, green means paper
Dream team, caper we see haters like shorty on the 'Sixth Sense'
Y'all finna' see some dead people, come through ya block and air people
My people ain't scared people, only FIG-I-AIR people
(You know) I just want you to know, I just want you to know
(You know) I just want you to know, this boy here finna' blow
(You know) Southside up in here, Westside up in here
Eastside up in here, throw your hands in the air

(You know) I just want you to know, I just want you to know
(You know) I just want you to know, this boy here finna' blow
(You know) Southside up in here, Westside up in here
Eastside up in here, throw your hands in the air

(You know) I just want you to know, I just want you to know
(You know) I just want you to know, this boy here finna' blow
(You know) Southside up in here, Westside up in here
Eastside up in here, throw your hands in the air
Lord Christ, we need you now more than ever
You working for God or are you working for the Devil?
Southside, we gon' always stay ghetto
Fornicating, (now/got?) my girlfriend preggo
Walter Peyton wrote the sweetest thing I know
Before her, I was doing things solo
Before it was true, I might break out the Polo
Yeezy in the building, want bread with no logo
I keep yelling church, all dickies like a cholo
Now let me get to you all so I can pole vault


In the night, I hear 'em talk, the coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road, he lost his soul
To a woman so heartless
How could you be so heartless?
Oh.. how could you be so heartless?
How could you be so, cold as the winter wind when it breeze yo
Just remember that you talkin' to me though
You know need to watch the way you talkin' to me you know
I mean after all the things that we've been through
I mean after all the things we got into
Yo, I know of some things that you ain't told me
Yo, I did some things but that's the old me
And now you wanna get me back and you goin' show me
So you walk around like you don't know me
You got a new friend, well I got homies
But in the end it's still so lonely
In the night, I hear 'em talk, the coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road, he lost his soul
To a woman so heartless
How could you be so heartless?
Oh... how could you be so heartless?
How could be so Dr. Evil, you bringin' out the side of me that I don't know
I decided we weren't goin' speak so
Why we up 3 A.M. on the phone?
Why does she be so mad at me fo'?
Homie I don't know, she's hot and cold
I won't stop, I won't mess my groove up 'cause I already know how this thing go
You run and tell your friends that you leavin' me
They say that they don't see what you see in me
You wait a couple months then you gon' see
You'll never find nobody better than me
'Cause in the night, I hear 'em talk, the coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road, he lost his soul
To a woman so heartless
How could you be so heartless?
Oh.. how could you be so heartless?
How could you be so heartless?
Oh
I know you can't believe
I could just leave it wrong
And you can't make it right
I'm gon' take off tonight
Into the night
Into the night
In the night, I hear 'em talk, the coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road, he lost his soul
To a woman so heartless
How could you be so heartless?
Oh yeah
In the night, I hear 'em talk, the coldest story ever told
Somewhere far, far, far he lost his soul
To a woman so heartless
How could you be so heartless?
Oh.. how could you be so heartless?
Oh.. how could you be so heartless?
Oh.. how could you be so
So heartless?
Oh.. how could you be so heartless?
Get you super wet after we turn the shower off
I choke you softly
Grab your face too, rape you like I love you



Woo, Ah, Official, Official, Ah, {Oh oh oh oh oh}
Brown Sugar, Faith Evans, Big Mos {Oh oh oh oh, OH} (Wha what)
Brooklyn is in the building, hell we own the building (Wha What)
Heh, y'all just payin' rent, see I'm sayin'? {Oh oh oh oh oh, Oh oh oh oh oh}
Listen, now honey check it out ya got me mesmerized
With your black hair and your fat ass thighs
It's the way I hold it down to make my nature rise
You got me in the boutiques pickin' out your size
You make the push and I can't get it out my mind
It's that body I can't get it out my mind
Give it up ma, know it that you're down to ride
Hit the dance floor and bounce your hide
You got to bounce with mine
And let me know when your down to slide
I tell Ad to swing around to ride
Let's show you how I grind
I make it splash like a thousand times
I'm like the stars fallin out the sky, Big Mos
Flaco make your waist get coast
Make your green get smoke
Make your cat get stroke
Me and Pha make the track get dope
We stay settin' pace in the race now let's go

It's like one, two, three, into the fo'
Brooklyn is runnin' the show, let em know
Former scramblers, my gamblers
My dirty money handlers, my jugulars
My hustlers, professional or amateur, woo (Give it to me)
C'mon (Give it to me)
I said what? (Give it to me)
Uh (Give it to me)
Uh, I got to get it all
You got to get involved
You ain't got it to give
You gotta get along (Give it to me)
C'mon (Give it to me)
I said what? (Give it to me)
Uh (Give it to me)
Yeah, and if you holdin' it
I make you let go of it
And I'm a get it
'Till my getting things is over with (Uh huh)
And why not love?
Look what you got love
You get me all charged up
Expect me to stop what? (Oh yeah)
C'mon mami, why you playin' with me?
Fix your face while your waist face say it with me (What it is, oooh)

(Give it to me) Hah
(Give it to me) Yeah
(Give it to me, Give it to me) (Uh huh)
(Oooh Yeah) C'mon
(Give it to me, Give it to me) Hah
(Give it to me, Give it to me) My call right here
(Ooooh Yeah) My call comin' up right here (Oooh Yeah Yeah Yeah)
Yeah Faith let em know (It's unbelievable what Brown Sugar does to me)
Haha, yeah (It's unbelievable what Brown Sugar does to me) (What it is)
Yes Indeed (What it is, what it is now)
What it is, what it, what it is now (What it is, what it is now)
(That's what it is) (Brown Sugar) (What it is, what it is now)
Uh (What it is, what it is now) sing ya steppin' (Gimme my Brown Sugar) Ah

Floatin'
I been on a
Did you notice you floatin', you floatin', you floatin'?
Floatin', we floatin', we floatin', we floatin', we floatin'
And when I go out, everybody say
"Ayy, we votin', we votin', we votin'"
What's your motherfuckin' motive?
I can take a fly bitch, I can turn you into FLOTUS
I can turn you into FLOTUS
Not to mention just how high the float is
Not to mention, they like to call me POTUS
Like Bill Clinton I'm asking, "Where the hoes is?"
Oh, just, we floatin', we floatin', we floatin', we floatin', we floatin'
We floatin', we floatin', we floatin'
We floatin', I'm just
I think I'ma touch down immediately
Oh, just, we floatin', we floatin', we floatin', we floatin', we floatin'
We floatin', we floatin', we floatin'
We floatin', I'm just
Oh, just, we floatin', we floatin', we floatin', we floatin', we floatin'
We floatin', we floatin', we floatin'
We floatin', I'm just
I think I'ma touch down immediately
I never go soft
I always go raw
Like I'm tryna have six kids
Pablo love the kids
Pablo love his bitch
Pablo loved his mom
I jus' ...
Yeah, and we G.O.O.D
Keep talkin' about this shit but whatever
We can go back and forth all day
How much I feel, I live for your love
Live for your love
Live for your love
Live for your love
That's a fresh house
That a guest of the house got another house?
My bitch got a bitch, my spouse got another spouse
Someone, humped on, kissed on another, ah
Hug her, gon' thugga, uh, huggin' when we hug it out
Somethin' for the niggas who be huntin' and we on it now
How much I need
And you know it's all your fault
Nobody, nobody, nobody, babe
You know it's all your fault
Nobody, nobody, nobody, but me
First off, you lame, nigga
You test on, but you tame, nigga
You tame, nigga, you stain, nigga
You kept the ones that you came, nigga
You changed, nigga, you changed, nigga
Don't blame, nigga, can't blame, jigga
Can't blame Yeezy, can't blame nigga
My fame, nigga, that thing, nigga
How lame niggas get made, nigga?
I'm gone a day, I'm the same nigga, you
How much I need
And you know it's all your fault
Can't nobody hold it but you, nigga, that's you, that's
You know it's all your fault
Can't nobody put the blame, nigga, it's the same, nigga

Woo-ooh, ooh-ooh
Switch your⁠, switch your attitude
Go 'head, level up yourself
This that different latitude
Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh
Life too short, go troll yourself
Feel that feel, enjoy yourself





Here's a story bout a nigga named Hate
Who lived next door to this cat named Great
See Great did everything Great that he put his mind to
But Hate had a mind-state he was confined to
Had a chick named Misery, the neighborhood ho
And the company she kept, you know how that go?
Me, I stayed on Prosperity Street and Success Lane
Was taught comin up in the streets to respect game
This nigga Jealousy was always telling me how Envy dont like me
Envy wanna fight me. See Envy was a shiesty type a nigga
Who showed his discontent politely
Snake in the grass assnigga that'd cross you soon as he get the chance
Type a nigga that'd throw salt on your plans
Teamed up with Hate, tried to sh\it on Great
Cuz when you make it to the top
This is what youll await
With that said
You see, If you ever wanted to ever be anything
There'll always be somebody that'd shoot down any dream
There'll always be haters, thats the way it is
Hater nigga marry hater bitches and have hater kids
And they be one big hater family...
It's gon' be one big hater family...
It's gon' be one big hater family...
It's gon' be one big hater family...
I studied the secret, know the laws of attraction
Knew what the consequences were for my actions
I laid the foundation but they acting
Like I didn't do nothing on my own to make this happen
Like, nigga was writing but I was rapping (damn)
But everybody took the credit when it happened (why?)
And I'm almost dead, I can feel it though
But niggas catch feelings when they feeling they ain't near you though
And there you go, your true colors show
He say she say, it wasn't really nothing though
I'm still here, still down, still around
Lets do lunch this week cause next week I'm out of town (damn dawg)
Now they telling my mama he act different (why?)
Just cause my black berry went to my assistant (okay)
But shit is wicked on these mean streets
Some of my friends sleep and y'all trying to win but then again
If you ever wanted to ever be anything
There'll always be somebody that'd shoot down any dream
There'll always be haters, thats the way it is
Hater nigga marry hater bitches and have hater kids
And they be one big hater family...
It's gon' be one big hater family...
It's gon' be one big hater family...
It's gon' be one big hater family...
You was on the outside looking in
But now you're on the inside looking out
And as you think back to the things you did
When you was trying to get on, no one helped you out
Now when you ride by the haters (look at the six)
And when you wave to the ladies (look at his wrist)
Now everybody need a favor (listen to this)
My definition of a hater, that's what this is
If you ever wanted to ever be anything
There'll always be somebody that'd shoot down any dream
There'll always be haters, thats the way it is
Hater nigga marry hater bitches and have hater kids
And they be one big hater family...
It's gon' be one big hater family...
It's gon' be one big hater family...
It's gon' be one big hater family...
I'm to blame, I'll take the blame
I double guarantee that I will not complain
Just admire light the flame that got heated out
Burn up in a fire
Gotta get you back, girl you're that
One that takes me higher, I'm
Dreaming of your love
Stop, I'm your lover, baby
Dreaming of your love
It's hot under covers, baby
Dreaming of your love
Don't want no other, baby
Dreaming of your love
Don't wanna say good night
Feels like I'm sauced, what can it be?
Gotta call it somethin'
Like I'm lost, hangin' on the sheets
Dreamin' and I'm wantin'
And I toss, and I'm perspiring
Swear I hear applause
When I wake up, I'll be waiting on your call
Baby I'll be
Girl I've been wrong, but oooh come and save me
Should be dreamin' while you're holdin' me
Can't live with you gone, come back home, come and wake me, lady
Girl I'm much too tired, of sleep
Oh girl I've been dreaming of your love
Girl I've been dreaming of your love
Now the Roc in the buildin', UIC Pavilion
Two years ago I was just a civilian
Now every chick in here swear I got millions
In area codes with unidentified children
Hear barbershop talk, niggas want to kill him
Throw my hoodie on, blend in like chameleons
Take my hoodie off, they like "What up Ye, you chillin'?"
Swear to god they just like children
Just like high school, back at my school
Just like Halloween, minus the costumes
The nigga that's flickin' be the ones that's trickin'
The girls two seatin' be the ones that's treatin'
Do a test on relationships, everybody cheatin'
I used to want the Jordans most recent
Throw Jordans on the truck now just to look decent
Kanye to The, yeah, you heard the name
Checks plus raps finna murder the game, uh
Can y'all get it? Fuck y'all
Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh
All these niggas believe
They breathe the same air that I breathe and bleed like I bleed
Only difference though, I fuck better hoes
Iceberg clothes, I got to pose
Every whip with the studio in a hospital
This nigga flow is very sick
Plus very rich hoes, very thick chain, very thick
Feel like I could fuck every bitch
Twenties at the bottom, carry the six
If I cop back, then shot him, I buried him six
You can't hate this nigga with the platinum braces
I rather need new teeth than a whole facelift
Plus your taste is rather tasteless
Test my aim and watch me ace this
You wack rap cats need a replacement
So I hit the basement, took it back to basics
Reach down to my Timbs, grab my laces
Got loops on niggas, y'all want a tight noose on niggas
If I ain't holler at you for (?), niggas
What the fuck I got to do, another truth for niggas?
See, it don't really matter what y'all prove to niggas
Y'all ain't satisfied 'til we shoot some niggas
So if somebody got to die, tell me who want it
That Chi-Town, South Side bullshit, we on it
Who you know twenty-five that rolls?
Fifteen carats on top of the white gold
Pull up in the drop, then froze
I got to pose
Go on 'head, baby, you could pose
Gettin' naked at Go-Getter shows
Then she drop, then froze
I got to pose
Man, bitch, I ain't finished with your ass
Heavy all night, spendin' cash at the ball
At the show and before we got back
At the gas station buyin' your ass snacks
At the liquor store buyin' act right juice
So when we get bid-ad, you know how to hit that
Next time, bring some friends for me to get at
But no fat hoes, you expect me to hit that?
Molly set me up like, "K got scratched"
Run up in the crib mad, stuck with that
Y'all niggas talk that, but y'all don't really lit that
So I had to hit them with the flat out, get your ass out
You tuned in with the boss of the bosses
NFL, no fuckin' losses
Chain flossless, fuck with it cost us
We go broke, we take y'all for hostage
Who you know twenty-five that rolls?
Fifteen carats on top of the white gold
Pull up in the drop, then froze
I got to pose
Go on 'head, baby, you could pose
Gettin' naked at Go-Getter shows
Then she drop and froze
I got to pose
You see me rollin', smokin', coastin', boastin'
Plus a little gone off the potion
Oh, and known for flossin' a little too often
Might end up in a coffin
I'm floatin' cause I don't smoke like that
Y'all niggas want to plot, we don't joke like that
Faggot-ass niggas get approached like that
Matter of fact, murder gettin' wrote like that
I'm finna take these niggas back to the streets
Back to hoppin' out the 'Lac with the heat
Back to the fifty, posin' with some bitches
In front of that airbrushed 2Pac picture
Who you know twenty-five that rolls?
Fifteen carats on top of the white gold
Pull up in the drop, then froze
I got to pose
Go on 'head, baby, you could pose
Gettin' naked at Go-Getter shows
And then she drop and froze
Yayo, yayo
Mula-la
Yayo
Bitch better have my money
Y'all should know me well enough
Bitch better have my money
Please don't call me on my bluff
Pay me what you owe me
Ballin' bigger than LeBron
Bitch, give me your money
Who y'all think y'all frontin' on?
Bitch better have my money
Bitch better have my
Yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay
Yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay
Like bra, bra, bra
Yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay
Yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay
Bitch better have my
Yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay
Yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay-ya
Louis XIII, and it's all on me, nigga, you just bought a shot
Kamikaze, if you think that you gon' knock me off the top
Shit, your wife in the backseat of my brand new foreign car
Don't act like you forgot
I call the shots, shots, shots
Where y'all at? Where y'all at? Where y'all at?
Like bra, bra, bra
Where y'all at? Where y'all at? Where y'all at?
Like bra, bra, bra
Where y'all at? Where y'all at? Where y'all at?
Like bra, bra, bra
Where y'all at? Where y'all at? Where y'all at?
Bitch better have my money
Y'all should know me well enough
Bitch better have my money
Please don't call me on my bluff
Pay me what you owe me
Ballin' bigger than LeBron
Bitch, give me your money
Who y'all think y'all frontin' on?
Bitch better have my
Bitch better have my
Bitch better have my
Bitch better have my
Yay-yay-yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-ya
Like bra, bra, bra
Yay-yay-yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-ya
Bitch better have my
Yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay
Yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay-ya
Bitch better have my money
Turn up to Rihanna while the whole club fuckin' wasted
Every time I drop, I am the only thing y'all playin'
In a drop top, doin' hundred, y'all in my rearview mirror racin'
In a drop top, doin' hundred, y'all in my rearview mirror racin'
Where y'all at? Where y'all at? Where y'all at?
Like bra, bra, bra
Where y'all at? Where y'all at? Where y'all at?
Like bra, bra, bra
Where y'all at? Where y'all at? Where y'all at?
Like bra, bra, bra
Where y'all at? Where y'all at? Where y'all at?
Bitch better have my money
Bitch better have my money
Bitch better have my money
Bitch better have my money
There must be more good women than men percentage wise
So her chance of having a husband just minimize
That's why a lot of girls claim they ain't into guys
And mess with other girls part time to improvise
I knew she wouldn't vibrate
No I seen her inner eyes
But I'm like any other guy trying to get in her thighs
She telling me about how black people should enterprise
And I'm like, if you don't get your ass in this ride from enterprise
That I rented yesterday and gotta have in by 5
With the gas fully filled up like I didn't drive
Told her I had a girl, nah I didn't lie
Told her this rap game is alright. I'm just getting by
She had a lil weed and we get a lil high
And I'm looking in her eyes and I'm loving her vibrate
Told me back in 95' she fell in love with the tribe
Boo back in 92' I was just like you
Please don't be confused by the ice and jewels
I'm like any other guy buy ice to stay cool
Like any other kid that claim they hate school
And think yeah Free's banging but she's no Rachel
We ball 'til we fall
Hit the mall
After we
Hit don't call
We fill your lives
With nothing but lies
And I would like to
Apologize
But you can't stand right here
And tell me everything is going to be alright
'Cause until the day a real man stands up
I'm going to have to improvise
Was it something I did wrong?
Yeah I know I'm wrong
She's at home alone and I'm always gone
Hate it when she mad but more when she passive
Now she on the internet looking for classes
Out of state though, man that hurt yo
But I got work though, and I'm at work yo
And she don't call a lot
And when she do she pouring out her heart
You never listen to me then the call drop hmm
And I promised her everything
Told her when I get a deal I'll get her a wedding ring
But when I got my deal I was back in the ring
Fighting my urges, strip club splurges
Never had money so I feel like a virgin
And I'm trying to break the bank's cherry
Trying to see can I afford Canaries
With a Ferrari, and a dinner date with Halle Berry?
When from 50 g's to fifteen hundred in a week
No I'm trying to call..one ring...two rings...seven rings...eight rings
Her mother picked up the phone
Like she in school and she don't stay here no more
I guess there's more good women than men percentage wise
So her chance of having a husband just minimize
I guess that's why she says she ain't into guys
And focus on school full-time to improvise
No no, you can't stand right here
And tell me everything is gonna be alright
'Cause until that real man stands up
"Baby, don't let me suffer, cause another won't do
Baby, don't let me suffer, cause another won't do"
The game's on, Hot Karl dominates y'all ears
I'm making suckas disappear like Amil's career
I'm just joking but you having trouble coping
Cause you beating me is like Def Leppard's drummer jump-roping (not happening)
Cause me and Kanye made this real picante
And grande, while you suckas act Armand Assante
Suburban strangler, angled to rip a stranger
With lyrics so hard I even make Mystikal say "danger"
And right here's an MC that you should fear
Underground like snuff films, throwing 'bows like Laimbeer
Crushing the rest 'til there ain't nobody left
And if I don't go double platinum then I'm blaming Wyclef
So rhyme for rhyme, line for line let's get it done
None other will do when my crew's out there having fun
Punchlines like landmines, Bensonhurst to Anaheim
I'm dropping dimes while y'all suckas silent like pantomimes
What
Don't let me
Run off at the mouth
I'm always into something, got everybody running
It's my year, dawg, warn Tyrese that I'm coming (I'm coming!)
Fucking up the scene, take away the self-esteem
The Jewish Jay-Z, call me William Hollastein (Hova!)
I keep attacking and send your crew packing
Nobody's feeling you, like Kobe Bryant rapping (ouch)
So keep on yapping, it's obvious you hate me
Real racy, expose myself like I was K-Ci
Now I'm bringing new views to the table
Able to bring in more kids than Jermaine Dupri's label (so def)
Take you out and watch you blow come to an end
Able to go three the hard way without Puffy's friends (let's did it)
Changed the game before one song was finished
Spent so much cash, made Farmclub go out of business (ching!)
You ain't touching the Baldwins at all
It's a family dawg, drink babies and suck balls
Like what
Don't let me
Run off at the mouth
Can't wait until I'm platinum and drowning in wealth
So I can talk about my cash and sound like everyone else
Wrecking this, more infectious than asbestos
Making heads bob up and down like motherfucking Pez dispensers
I'll take your wig and part it in the middle
Cause any one of ya mizzles ain't fucking with Hot Kizzle (nope)
And that's for shizzle, obvious and of course
Dangerous like sporting ice to the next Source Awards
The shit I kick is on a unique level
And we call it rebel when we got some fights that we want settled
Beatin' em 'til they can't hear like Halle Berry
You try hard but still fuck up, like Darryl Strawberry
Rip you apart, so baby don't start
Driving down Mulholland in a Hummer go-kart
This is lyric shit, tough shit, never soft
Hot Karl dot com, log on, fuck off
Fuck off
Don't let me
Run off at the mouth
Hot Karl
Ripping up some lyric shit for you
That is, in case you had any questions about the content
Yo
Hot Karl
Kanye West
Uh
Right up in your grill like that
N-now th-that that don't kill me
Can only make me stronger
I need you to hurry up now
Cause I can't wait much longer
I know I got to be right now
Cause I can't get much wronger
Man I've been waiting all night now
That's how long I been on ya
(I need you right now!)
When the fast life takes its tole
That act right makes everything slow
Them black lights make everything glow
One of those nights where everything goes
Everybody goes through something
People be talking to you like you nothing
Then you be like bitch I'm me
Then your boss be like bitch then leave
You covered up your tats too long with them sleeves
You've gotta hit the club let the real you breathe
Would you believe, you'll never shine if you're not seen
So get all in they face like Noxzema
I know you mesmerized about that ass in them jeans
Please don't hit that raw, it's not clean
Please don't forget that all when it seems
N-now th-that that don't kill me
Can only make me stronger
I need you to hurry up now
Cause I can't wait much longer
I know I got to be right now
Cause I can't get much wronger
Man I've been waiting all night now
That's how long I been on ya
(I need you right now!)
Let's get lost tonight
You could be my black Kate Moss tonight
Play secretary, I'm the boss tonight
And you don't give a fuck what they all say, right?
Awesome, the Christian in Christian Dior
Damn, they don't make 'em like this anymore
I ask, cause I'm not sure
Do anybody make real shit anymore?
Bow in the presence of greatness
Cause right now thou hast forsaken us
You should be honored by my lateness
That I would even show up to this fake shit
So go ahead, go nuts, go apeshit
'Specially in my Pastel, on my Bape shit
Act like you can't tell who made this
New Gospel homie, take 6, and take this, haters
I don't know if you got a man or not
If you made plans or not
If God put me in ya plans or not
I'm tripping, this drink got me saying a lot
But I know that God put you in front of me
So how the hell could you front on me?
There's a thousand yous, there's only one of me
I'm tripping, I'm caught up in the moment, right?
Cause it's Louis Vuitton Don night
So we gon' do everything that Kan like
Heard they'd do anything for a Klondike
Well, I'd do anything for a blonde dyke
And she'll do anything for the limelight
And we'll do anything when the time's right
Uh, baby you're makin' it
(Harder, better, faster, stronger)
You know how long I've been on ya
Since Prince was on Apollonia
Since O.J. had Isotoners
Don't act like I never told ya


After long, afternoons good go
Sacred stories of home, they know
It's the code of Mamman Shata
Something only we know
That's the code named, Mamman Shata
Something only we know
After long, afternoons good go
Sacred stories of home, they know
It's the code of Mamman Shata
Something only we know
That's the code named, Mamman Shata
Something only we know

After long, after noons good go
Sacred stories of home, they know
It's the code of Mamman Shata
Something only we know
That's the code named, Mamman Shata
Something only we know



And I heard 'em say, nothing's ever promised tomorrow today
From the Chi, like Tim it's a harder way
So this is in the name of love like Robert say
Before you ask me to go get a job today
Can I at least get a raise on the minimum wage?
And I know that the government administer AIDS
So I guess we just pray like the minister say
Allāhu Akbar and throw in some hot cars
The things they seen on the screen is not ours
But these niggas from the hood so these dreams not far
Where I'm from, the dope boys is the rock stars
But they can't cop cars without seeing cop cars
I guess they want us all behind bars, I know it

They say people in your life are seasons
And anything that happen is for a reason
And people gun clapping and keep to squeezing
And Gran keep praying and keep believing
In Jesus, and one day that you see him
'Til then walk in his footsteps and try to be him
The devil is alive, I feel him breathin'
Claiming money is the key, so keep on dreamin'
And put them lottery tickets just to tease us
My Aunt Pam can't put them cigarettes down
So now my little cousin smokin' on cigarettes now
His job try to claim that he too niggerish now
Is it 'cause his skin blacker than licorice now
I can't figure it out, bring the drums in now, uh



This is what the COVID list made
All this hate, all this hate
Look at what the COVID list made, all this pain
Try to keep us quiet, cause riots
Look at what the COVID's made, this hate
That the COVID made, this hate
Try to keep us quiet, cause riots
Try to keep us quiet, cause riots
How 'bout we change up our diet?
How 'bout we change the diet?
How 'bout we get a real plan
How 'bout we change up the meal plan
How 'bout we stop hidin' in bunkers and be a real man
It's only for God, I'm a real fan
The system will fall and God's people will stand
I know 'cause God willed this, I know you can feel this
God is the real this, the Devil can't kill this
I know because he willed this
We 'bout to go big, yes we will, Kris
We 'bout to go big, Robert, yes we will
Kris, Kardashian, Rob, Kardashian
First to get a nigga free, now my wife big
Up with that again
We gon' take Sunday Service to The Vatican
Ooh, we 'bout to spaz again
I heard The Pope speak twenty-seven language
The only language is love and that's God goin' at again
Uh, pssht, we get the practice in
Uh, pssht, no more actressin'
Uh, pssht, this the fact, this is
Uh, pssht, ah
That's how the freestyle go
Yo, this that shit
Just to let niggas know
You can’t fuck with us
But I don’t even wanna hit on you, don’t wanna know his name
Sit down nigga, I know the game
Clothes shopper, I know the game
Take it and put it back into the store
Crazy cat, ah
And I don’t wanna hear all those excuses, they all the same
We should both be ashamed
Got me talkin bout love, you mean forever
You mean me falling in love, talking never
She’s missing me after this one chick got together
She told me she had a man but they not together
Let me tell you how I first met her
It’s kinda ill though
I’m downtown tryna find Anita
That’s where I find this diva stand in front the hospital
I double park the car, scream, yo man’s not with you
As for the cigarettes just brought the convo what went on
I man up and eat, her belly holdin on
And as far as she say
Oh that was over, he say she say
So you telling me your man stayed up in micro weeds
Mistaken identity like Cochise and I’m finna be
Holla at you now, know we’ll talk later
And I wanna get up but you got flavor
Now I’ma let you get the cell, let you get the pager
And if you ain’t around no haters you can call me later
But I don’t even wanna hit on you, don’t wanna know his name
I know the game, I know the game
Y’all know the game
And I don’t wanna hear all those excuses, they all the same
We should both be ashamed
Cause we know the game
She must’ve known where the dollars at
Cause it ain’t taken long at all but need to holla back
Gave me directions to the crib, told me follow that
And I could park in back where the Impala at
But she ain’t stayed on the southside, south southside
Deeper than the know when
Now I’m questioning whether I should get in that
Plus lasting a lot, walk into the door, haters asking a lot
And where you from nigga? You ain’t from round here
As I peeped out the window said baby I’m right here
He mad cause I’m with her and he ain’t with her
And he stayed down the hallway and he can’t get er
So when I came out the nigga hatin on me was waitin on me
And he had mo guys, no lie
Man I knew we were both wrong, bitch but I know nothing
Finna wear both chains but I know nothing
But I don’t even wanna hit on you, don’t wanna know his name
I know the game, I know the game
And I don’t wanna hear all those excuses, they all the same
We should both be ashamed
Cause we know the game


We only making the highlights
Baby I'm back in town
I want my whole life to only be highlights
We only making the highlights
I want my whole life to only be highlights
(Highlights)
Can we play that back one time?
And after that night I'ma wanna play this shit back, I don't know
Sometimes I'm wishin' that my dick had GoPro
So I could play that shit back in slo-mo
I just shot an amateur video; I think I should go pro
We only making the highlights
Tell my baby I'm back in town
I want my whole life to only be highlights
We only making the highlights
Baby I'm back in town
I want my whole life to only be highlights
Uhh (highlights)
Shine like me
(I live my life on the highlights)
(Highlights)
(Oh no!)
(Gotta play this shit back!)
Ain’t gon lie that pussy might give her a pay stub
She tryna make the highlights how she made love
Whoever did her hair and makeup
Definitely need a pay cut
She went from Ds to an A cup
Tryna get a me to theJacob
That was 'posed to be your money, wasn't it?
That was 'posed to be honey, wasn’t it (We only making the highlights)
Thump thump, *mumbles*
Up now (Oh no!)
(Gotta play this shit back!)
Oh no! *mumbles*
Good looks, good love
*mumbles*
Made a transformation
Black fortune, took Katrina, trust a nation
Mostly something on a sensation
Genius, brilliance, strong, resilience
We in the buildin'
Oh that’s beautiful, I'm just rappin' right now James
Rap, wrap the Rolex
No more something, just owe less
That ain’t something, you holy
No I'm literally on the mic, rappin' while you FaceTime me

Grandmamas cooked and cleaned
Look at what 2020 bring
Feeling like we Martin Luther King
Told y'all to hold God's hand..
I'm in party mode now, uhh, you don't stop
C'mon, with the, with the, c'mon
D-Dot, c'mon
Chorus: Mase
Is it you? (Y'all the ones the ladies love to touch)
Is it true? (Y'all be wilin' in the club too much)
Is it you. . . (Made Men, Made Men)
Is it you or is it déjà vu?
Is it you? (Y'all the ones with all the money and all)
Is it true? (Y'all the ones that show the honies a ball)
Is it you. . . (Made Men, Made Men, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon)
Is it you or is it déjà vu?
Yeah, two thous', new styles, fly as fuck for days
Fry chocolate thai, high as shit for days
Benz 6, V-12, 19's for shoes
Men stick with a team known to squeeze the uz'
Cute girls, jewels, whirlpools and champagne
I ran game, Made Men's on they brain
Aficionado, cigars and Henny bottles
Frijole corazon gatos with hot Glocks though
Twist you like a braid, canary glaze that's made
Baguettes don't shine? Then get it appraised
Perform for MCs with Bentleys and M3s
Burn bomb trees with mamis, sit under palm trees
Some niggas talk like P Cardy, won't grab three shotties
Let off three bodies, platinum three parties
I move quicker than half of the niggas that's witcha and
Move swifter than cats who Jack the Ripper so
When I say check this, respect this
If you ain't with me and Made Men, get off the guestlist
You see I'm from a place where it's nothing but beats
Nothing but cee-lo where pushers pay the dice off defeat
I got the Rove' out the shop, take the Chrysler off the street
Too much light and too much heat, pick a fight with these freaks
Got a hundred Harlem brothers that'll daze y'all crew
But this is the remix to the déjà vu
Chorus
Je-sus with Mase, pass hay, watch us blaze it up
If you don't give a fuck, take your hands and raise em up
It's the knock-right, hit from D-Dot got
Everybody bouncin, steamin up ounces
Ain't no beef, just liquor, and reefer that's cheap
It's cheat or defeat, your girl is quicker to leave
I wanna know can she do dat - if it's you, true dat
Meet me in the back after this track
International, money magnificence
To go against this, I think you know the consequence
I rock Kangols, my link dangles
Got more Cash than Tango, from my mad flows, you know?
Yo, yo, yo
Hey yo my shit is fatal, one blow, I make your chin to-ma-to
Don't make me run up in your crib and kill what's in the cradle
I'll make you wish you was dead, push a brick through your head
Rush my clique through your set, suck my dick, lick it yeah
You the worst I ever heard, cursed with severed nerves
And my words to every verse like feathers to a bird
Rhyme compatible, my nine'll rip the spine outta you
Why should I battle you? You couldn't define one parable
I'm thug animal, Hannibal Lect', real cannibal
Eating that ass like fire and gas, my shit's flammable
Frightening in fact, you know niggas is biting my raps
Writing exactly the same like they reciting my back
Niggas carbon copies, always mocking my shit
But can't nobody stop me, get up on top of me dick
It's about to get thick, and I ain't with getting caged in
But I'm a Made Man so I'll be ought by the A.M. -- what?
Chorus 2X

Bad Trinidadian, need to let daddy in
If I need to spend some cash, fuck it, then, I'm zaddy, then
She in love with a man she can’t be with
But she know that pussy gon' leave him seasick
Every time she round, she get treat like the sidekick
Until that side chick went and got some side dick
Sun-kissed princess, gold toe ring
Smacker lip gloss, backside swole thing
When we first met, she couldn't take the whole thing
Next till, brr-brr, that’s my old ring
Polo Kanye, black-cladded fam
Kept a signed autograph in your binder notepad
We was freshmen, you was out to test men
You was up at Spelman, I might have fucked your best friend, haha

Bad Trinidadian, need to let daddy in
If I need to spend some cash, ayy, then, I'm zaddy, then
She in love with a man she can't be with
But she know that pussy gon' leave him seasick
He always treat her like she the sidekick
Until that side chick went and got some side dick
On the live, sick, on the, on the live, it
All on my dick, all on, all on my dick
Eh, then I'm on the 'pproachy, 'pproachy, 'pproach, ’pproach
So she on the, so she, coachy, coachy, no show
Oh she, oh she, oh she, oh she, oh, so, oh
Gettin' some nerve, some nerve
I’ma bop, de-bop, de-bop, de-bop
And I got that fourty guap, de-guap, de-guap-guap, de

I was on the one, I was on the one
Then he got it, one, two somethin' on the wall
And he got it, one, two, one, two, ayy
I know what he want, ally-ally dope
Ally-ally gotta get the store to make it dope
(No fade outs)
I can show them, anything he eeny, miny, mo
They can city low, Nicki city know
Everything he, everything he said he ever know
I got one of them and then he need to let me go
I'ma get up early, early, early
(Stop it)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yo
Check me out, yo
This is J 'Sug', yo
I know you been around the world, man
I don't fuck wit' the sheisty niggas
I don't fuck wit' the sheisty hoes
I done did it all, nigga
Yo, what would make a scared man pull a trigga'?
The same thing that make a scared man act bigga'
The same thing that make me grab my tec and empty quicker
Adrenaline rush, on the hush
You will die fuckin' wit' us
Vacant lot is my home and In my team I trust
So don't talk about them things if yo' things don't bust
I knew a guy like you, his name was Filipe
Had me on 3-way with the D.A
Tryin' to find out where we stay
So on my 24th b-day I'm locked up in V.A
He don't know my guns turn commotion to slow motion
Then from slow motion to no motion
Run up in the place he hip hoppin'
Spit shots in, clip droppin', if I get caught, get Cochran
And give Pedro my pesos so he don't snitch while I lay low
For 'bout a week or two
Come back like peek-a-boo, you see me, I see you
And if you talk, you be in ICU
Yo, yo, this Cardan
I know you know a hundred brotha's that sheisty
Like I know a hundred brotha's that's real
But I think it's time you know how we chill
1 - I have been a hundred places and nothin' excites me
Hit a hundred ho's and none of them wifey
For every thousand that love me
A hundred don't like me
So how you wit' a hundred cats and none of the sheisty?
We the niggas wit' the homicides
And got niggas the most traumatized
And how they actually sat there and watched they mama die
But don't worry about it, you second
Just had to get her first
Cuz she was the one that gave birth
And we can't have no more dirt in the earth
I hate to be the last nigga to turn off your lights
Without usin' a switch, and throw you in a ditch
Ya body don't fit, cuz niggas could still see ya kicks
So do you really wanna take that risk?
So unball ya fists cuz I'm always a step ahead of ya'll
You ball ya fists, I cock back
You take a swing and you got that
And that's what they gon' mop at
This gun is from a foreign land
I don't know why it got it in my hand
And I'm gonna get off every penny
I don't care if its automatic or semi
If I payed 300 flat, that means I'mma send a hundred cats back
If 300 attack, but it don't hafta be an exact
I'm gonna get the gatts and get 'em all in one house, and run out
And sprinkle some on the grass, and spit on it
And come back to a pile of ash
Repeat 1
Yo, yo, yo, a hundred sheisty, a hundred and quicker
We strap up inside the 18-wheeler
A drug dealer with cold cash, but so as
To get his stash would be no task with no mess
Love to get you hot and blast, than fast
My infared beam is on yo' ass, my team is on yo' ass
Plot and schemin' on yo' ass
That bitch you came wit' stay screamin' on her ass
Put three on her ass cuz nigga, we love the cash
Harlem World niggas got G's in the stash
No questions asked, time will tell, Heaven or hell
You don't wanna be the nigga who be catchin' the shell
Meeno, and then I be, be the team to prevail
So when you pray, tell Jesus how you wanna be helped
MuthaFucka!!!!
Repeat 1 until fade
Uh, any chance I get I'm on a plane
I book advance tickets and pay the fees with no complaints
In the summer its off the hook no time to waste
Just lie at the lake and I'm shoulder dry to the taste
Even though some niggas I grew up with hate
I keep a few good homies that try to stay outta jail
Tonio tell me what the bail is it'll be there
And when you get out my coke tail here
The crack head deals in my daddy
And all he seem to dream about is bad ass habits
The gun shots scream loud
So I soak the radio from upstairs to outside the house
With the extended cord no night is boring
On the front porch even if its pouring
In the summer, winter, fall, or spring
I love it when my bitches and my ballers sing
Chi town, Chi town, the city where I'm from
As a kid to who I become live to get what I want
Chi town the city with the best skylines
Born there that's home there in my lifetime
Chicago show'em how we do
The best place some hate but they still come through
Chi town the city with the best skyline
Born there that's home there in my lifetime
The liquor store on every corner packed
The bus run twenty-fo and my stop Jackson
Fire hydrant busted time for action
Niggas come out like its the beach in Miami
The cops chase thiefs all through the alley and don't stop
These niggas kill for rocks
If you can't stand up for your spot don't squat
Shop for a vacant lot or get shot
Cuz Chicago niggas don't play them games
When it comes to slanging them thangs for the money mane
Fuck around and get short for the playas ball
And call don Juan to flash green on yall
The pimps got the hoes pinned up on the wall
Just pass me the blunt and I puff it all
In the summer, winter, fall, or spring
I love it when my bitches and my ballers sing
Chi town, Chi town, the city where I'm from
As a kid to who I become live to get what I want
Chi town the city with the best skylines
Born there that's home there in my lifetime
Chicago show'em how we do
The best place some hate but they still come through
Chi town the city with the best skyline
Born there that's home there in my lifetime
Don't worry about what I do for my city
Some of yall run your mouth too much and what a pity
If you outside looking in, shit seem pretty
But its a lot of shit to do with bitch...I did it
I'm cold in the winter my mink track the flow
With the hat to match cadillacs in the snow
If its a block party the whole hood know
Niggas from 3 and 1st streets overcome the smoke
Its K Town times 22 next shine
Who label he on mine Westside nigga right
To my Southside niggas and my Eastside niggas
And my Northside niggas get high
We really don't give a fuck what side you from
Just keep on hollering out Chi!!!
In the summer, winter, fall, or spring
I love it when my bitches and my ballers sing
Chi town, Chi town, the city where I'm from
As a kid to who I become live to get what I want
Chi town the city with the best skylines
Born there that's home there in my lifetime
Chicago show'em how we do
The best place some hate but they still come through
Chi town the city with the best skyline
Born there that's home there in my lifetime
Chi town, Chi town, the city where I'm from
As a kid to who I become live to get what I want
Chi town the city with the best skylines
Born there that's home there in my lifetime
Chicago show'em how we do
The best place some hate but they still come through
Chi town the city with the best skyline
Born there that's home there in my lifetime
Diamonds are forever
They won't leave in the night
I've no fear that they might
Desert me
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever)
Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever, forever)
The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme
Forever ever? Forever ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?......
Close your eyes and imagine, feel the magic
Vegas on acid
Seen through Yves St. Laurent glasses
And I've realized that I've arrived, cuz
It take more than a magazine to kill my Vibe does
He write his own rhymes, so sort of
I think 'em
That mean I forgot better shit than u ever thought up
Damn, is he really that caught up?
I ask if you talkin' bout classics, do my name get brought up?
I remember I couldn't afford a Ford Escort or even a four-track recorder
So its only right that I let the top drop on a drop-top Porsche
- its for yourself that's important
If a stripper named Porscha and u get tips from many men
Then your fat friend her nickname is Minivan
Excuse me
That's just the Henny, man, I smoke, I drink, I'm supposed to stop I can't because
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever)
Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever, forever)
The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme
Forever ever? Forever ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?......
I was sick about awards
Couldn't nobody cure me
Only playa that got robbed but kept all his jewelry
Alicia Keys tried to talk some sense to them
30 minutes later seems there's no convincing them
What more can you ask for?
The international assholes nah
Who complains about what he is owed?
And throw a tantrum like he is 3 years old
You gotta love it though somebody still speaks from his soul
And wouldn't change by the change, or the game, or the fame
When he came, in the game, he made his own lane
Now all I need is y'all to pronounce my name
Its Kanye - But some of my plastic - they still say Kane
Got family in the D, Kin-folk from Motown
Back in the Chi - them folks ain't from Motown
Life movin' too fast I need to slow down
Girl ain't give me no ass, ya need to go down
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever)
My father Ben said I need Jesus
So he took me to church and let the water wash over my ceaser
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever)
The preacher said we need leaders
Right then my body got still like a paraplegic
You know who you can call you gotta best believe it
The Roc stand tall and you would never believe it
Take your diamonds and throw 'em up like you bulimic
Yea the beat cold but the flow is anemic
After debris settles and the dust get swept off
Big K pick up where young Hov left off
Right when magazines wrote Kanye West off
I dropped my new shit sound like the best of
A&R's lookin' like "pssh we messed up"
Grammy night, damn right, we got dressed up
Bottle after bottle till we got messed up
In the studio, where really though, yea he next up
People askin' me if I'm gon' give my chain back
That'll be the same day I give the game back
You know the next question dog "Yo, where Dame at?"
This track the Indian dance to bring our reign back
"What's up with you and Jay, man, are y'all ok man?"
They pray for the death of our dynasty like Amen
R-r-r-right here stands a-man
With the power to make a diamond with his bare hands...
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever)
Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever, forever)
The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme
Forever ever? Forever ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?...
(Jesus walk)
God show me the way because the Devil's tryna break me down
(Jesus walk with me)
You know what the Midwest is? Young and restless
Where restless (Niggas) might snatch your necklace
And next these (Niggas) might jack your Lexus
Somebody tell these (Niggas) who Kanye West is
I walk through the valley of the Chi where death is
Top floor the view alone will leave you breathless *gasps*
Try to catch it *gasps* it's kinda hard
Getting choked by detectives, yeah, now check the method
They be askin' us questions, harass and arrest us
Sayin' "We eat pieces of shit like you for breakfast"
Huh? Y'all eat pieces of shit? What's the basis?
We ain't going nowhere but got suits and cases
A trunk full of coke, rental car from Avis
My mama used to say only Jesus can save us
Well mama I know I act a fool
But I'll be gone 'til November, I got packs to move
I hope
(Jesus walk)
God show me the way because the Devil's tryna break (me down)
(Jesus walk with me)
The only thing that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now
(I want Jesus)
(Jesus walk)
And I don't think there's nothin' I can do now to right my wrongs
(Jesus walk with me)
I wanna talk to God but I'm afraid 'cause we ain't spoke in so long
(I want Jesus)
God show me the way because the Devil's tryna break me down
(Walk with me)
The only thing that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now
(Oh god)
And I don't think there's nothin' I can do now to right my wrongs
(Walk with me)
I wanna talk to God but I'm afraid 'cause we ain't spoke in so long
(I want Jesus to walk with me)
(Jesus walk)
To the hustlers, killers, murderers, drug dealers, even the scrippers
(Jesus walks for them)
To the victims of welfare feel we livin' in Hell here, hell yeah
(Jesus walks for them)
Now, hear ye, hear ye, want to see Thee more clearly
I know He hear me when my feet get weary
'Cause we're the almost nearly extinct
We rappers is role models: we rap, we don't think
I ain't here to argue about His facial features
Or here to convert atheists into believers
I'm just tryna say the way school need teachers
The way Kathie Lee needed Regis, that's the way I need Jesus
So here go my single, dawg, radio needs this
They say you can rap about anything except for Jesus
That means guns, sex, lies, videotape
But if I talk about God my record won't get played, huh?
Well if this take away from my spins
Which'll probably take away from my ends
Then I hope this take away from my sins
And bring the day that I'm dreamin' about
Next time I'm in the club, everybody screamin' out
(Jesus walk)
God show me the way because the Devil's tryna break me down
(Jesus walk with me)
The only thing that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now
(I want Jesus)
(Jesus walk)
And I don't think there's nothin' I can do now to right my wrongs
(Oh with me)
(Jesus walk with me)
I wanna talk to God but I'm afraid 'cause we ain't spoke in so long
(I want Jesus to walk with me)


I just wanna feel liberated, I-I, na-na-na
Who can I turn to?
I just wanna feel liberated, I-I, na-na-na
After all, who can I turn to?
If I ever instigated, I am sorry
If I don't turn to you
Tell me who in here could relate, I-I-I
No other help I know, I stretch my hands
Now, if I fuck this model
And she just bleached her asshole
And I get bleach on my T-shirt
I'ma feel like an asshole
I got one when I met her
Dun-uh, know when I met her
I just feel a lot better
I just feel so much better
I ain't even gonna talk about it
I ain't even gonna talk about it
I ain't even gon' say nothin'
I ain't even gon' play one thing
Remind me where I know you from
I wanna wake up with you in my...

I just wanna feel liberated, I-I, na-na-na
Who can I turn to?
I just wanna feel liberated, I-I, na-na-na
After all, who can I turn to?
If I ever instigated, I am sorry
If I don't turn to you
Tell me who in here could relate, I-I-I
No other help I know, I stretch my hands
If I need ya, uh, God damn
Old bitch, it's a blue Lamby
What you need, uh, round you it's a plenty women
*beatboxing*
Fuck it though, here's a FYI
Fuck you this evening, at Southside
Wait a minute, don't leave
By, the way, how your family, forgot
I don't give a fuck about your family or not
Back it up, back it up, oh oh
Back it up, back it up, oh oh
Back it up, back it up, oh oh
Back it up, I'm, I'm


(Cause my baby don't love me)
The way that you do
Takin' time hangin' out, bangin' out
Gotta give it to you
(Cause my baby don't love me)
The way that you do
So from now on
My love is for you

Ever since I been flossin'
My girls totally awesome
Girls wait to exhale
They don't breathe often
Claim that my game stone cold, Steve Austin
Claim that I boss 'em
Basically Diana Ross 'em
But who's to blame for all these fights
When you ain't always wrong
I'm just always right
And I just always like
To see exactly how your face look
Right when I walk down that hallway right
When I pack my bags
When I got that cab
You never thought Kanye would ever got that mad
You acting like I ain't the reason that you got that Jag
That you got that bag
Let's talk about amnesia
Yeah you got that bad
Kanye the best dressed nigga next to fags
And I'm the best version of Mase next to Fab
And I'mma call your best friend up just to stab
Cause of the way that you do
...
Shoutout to John Monopoly, Whoo Kid
This is actually an official mixtape
It's really me
And I've
(Got good music on my radio)
I got DJ A-Trak on the cut!
(I've got good music on my radio)
(I've got good music on my radio)
It's GOOD Music!




We here, we here, we here (yes yes yes yes)
Fire code (uh uh uh uh)
Yes, huh (hey)
We roll from uh- you know (hey)
You know what time it is (get your hand out my)
You know what time it, uh
Black Star, come on ma (yeah)
Now come on ma (yeah)
Come on ma (uh)
And, listen
Yo honeys check it out, she got me mesmerized
With your black hair and your fat ass WOW
Walks over, feel your feet tap on the ground
Make a *nigga* come back like "What's happenin now?"
Hear he really promising the platinum, get down
You'll be backin it out, straight backin 'em down
With your hand on your mouth
And damn baby girl, what's that all about?
You know the ave puttin curves in the brow
On your job, all workin it out
I like how you coordinate: purse, skirt, and the blouse
Around the way, comin straight out the house
You just laid on the couch
Make a cat just pause and be "Wow"
Baby's body was immaculate
Sweet like my first kiss in the back of the flick
I have to insist, miss, that we chat for a bit
But your ass wanna diss
Walkin all fast like you can't stop
I need somebody to get passionate with
You just assume that I be on that supermasculine *shit*
Crackin the whip just to shut you you and fasten your lip
I just be shinin my light and they be baskin in it
I go out casually dip trip on the tragically hit
Sippin Cosmopolitans on some fashionably *shit*
Black Star in the building and it hasta be sick
BK still smokin *nigga* pass me the *shit*, what
Stop (what up)
You got it (come on ma)
Stop
You got it (come on ma)
Stop
You got it
Stop
Brown sugar let me see you shake it out
Stop (brown sugar baby)
Ha you got it (there you go)
(brown sugar baby) you got it (work it out)
(brown sugar baby) you got it (come on ma)
Brown sugar let me see you shake it out
Yeah, this go out to the cats
Be workin for weeks to purchase a piece
I'm with my people hurtin to cease, it's curtains for peace
Certain keeps spurs to their knees like I'm chirpin with Tweet
Rhymes sicker than the pervert that flirt with his niece
Stop, the track lay in a hearse deceased
We don't play, my man Kanye murdered the beat
Yo the rhymin's on me, coutesy of Kweli
It's +ludacris+ how I'm +disturbin the peace+
Yeah, you ain't burnin the street
Look at how we got 'em personally thiefed
Sipped on when I get open Henny
Pen strollin on the track like Bishop Don
Or filmed on the Real World
Smoke slow, no joke, one draw I kill y'all
How many times yo do I got to tell y'all?
My next album boy I get killed off, it's real y'all
We big merger, you act like you know the deal y'all
Brooklyn, stand up and let me hear y'all
Brown sugar babe
Chocolate
Nubian girls rock to this (whoo)
Black Star rock the whole metropolis
Brooklyn cats and you know we pocket it
Black Star got the whole world watchin it
Stop, from the Ivy League colleges
To the blocks where the drama is
And they keepin their (???) lit
Just shake it out and respond to this
And shake all of it
Stop (uh come on)
You got it (I said come on)
Stop
You got it (yeah, yo, we said come on)
Stop
You got it (brown sugar lemme see you shake it out)
Stop (brown sugar baby)
You got it
Stop (I said come on)
You got it (look at you)
Stop
You got it (brown sugar lemme see you shake it out)
Stop (huh yeah)
Stop (come on ma)
Stop (come on ma)
Stop
Stop (come on ma) (Black Star start doin it)
Stop (come on ma) (02 y'all yeah)
Stop (come on ma) (uh yeah)
Stop (Black Star, shinin)
Stop (yeah)
Stop (haha yeah)
Stop (haha yeah)
Stop (Mos Kweli, come on)
Stop
You're in a privileged position to learn a thing or two
You got the right to wear something tight and have the time of your life
Come bounce with your boy. Cons
When you're ready to stop runnin'
Ready to stop frontin'
Ready to pop somethin'
(You got to turn yourself in)
When you're ready to start confessin'
Face the consequences
Then baby come learn your lesson
(You need to turn yourself in)
So would all my sexy ladies
(Come on out with your hands up)
And all my pretty mommas
(Come on out with your hands up)
And if you got a body
(Come on out with your hands up)
This one's for ev'ybody
(Come on out with your hands up)
It goes whoop whoop
That's the sound of the police
When they catch me goin' beast cause my face is in her teeth
And I'm just like Mr. Cheeks
Hit the Lights, get the Cameras
When we in the streets we can fight or get the hammers
Body or the wrist? also weekend in Atlanta
Came and drop more money on the jewels/Juelz than Santana
Cause that's the fine you pay when you shine this way
If it ain't about no money then that crime don't pay
See I find new ways to slide 'em out they dress
Now they wanna have the boy stuck on house arrest
But instead I jumped bail now I'm wanted in each state
How I record to the boy in me get my release date
I believe these tapes will be worth the misdemeanor
Just to see shorty go work it like Misdemeanor
So follow the ring leader, but don't hurt yourself
I wanna sit back and watch you strip search yourself
When you're ready to stop
Runnin'
Ready to stop frontin'
Ready to pop somethin'
(You got
To turn yourself in)
When you're ready to start confessin'
Face
The consequences
Then baby come learn your lesson
(You need to
Turn yourself in)
So would all my sexy ladies
(Come on out with
Your hands up)
And all my pretty mommas
(Come on out with your
Hands up)
And if you got a body
(Come on out with your hands up)
This
One's for ev'ybody
(Come on out with your hands up)
I'm on highway patrol in a six double O
Let me parole your soul with an O of dro
The way them ice gray Stevies got a nigga profilin'
I'm the one they pull over when they get to profilin'
I did my first bid havin' battles in the back street
Now I got a rap sheet for flowin' over rap beats
Plus my back seat has New York's finest
So you can't tell me nothin' like you glued onto silence
But due to all the violence I keep burners in the mix
Cause I'd be tried by twelve, Cons carried by six
If you followed all the tips received on the hot lines
You can see that I spit and come up with the hot line
But most of these dimes want a man in uniform
And I'm just tryin' to get every dawg in my unit on
So you should movin' off that lame and his cavalry
Cause what the men do on that salary is called police brutality
When you're ready to stop
Runnin'
Ready to stop frontin'
Ready to pop somethin'
(You got
To turn yourself in)
When you're ready to start confessin'
Face
The consequences
Then baby come learn your lesson
(You need to
Turn yourself in)
So would all my sexy ladies
(Come on out with
Your hands up)
And all my pretty mommas
(Come on out with your
Hands up)
And if you got a body
(Come on out with your hands up)
This
One's for ev'ybody
(Come on out with your hands up)
Yeah, word. Me and my homie got you and your girl surrounded
Come out with your hands up. Uh, it's the Cons baby
Now I admit. Now if looks could kill
I-I should be convicted for the kind of chicks I been cuffin' lately
Cause you know I don't pull nothin' but that heat
In and out of town boy
As far as that grand larceny charge
I'm gonna have to get overturned cause on the real...
I didn't steal your wife, I just borrowed her for the night
And that's how it goes when you're rollin' with E.P.C. Word
Ye, how are you my brother?
I'm good
Yes sir, I seen a lot of pictures of you lately out and about you know. So my first question is how are you?
I'm feeling good
The last time I think people heard about you in the news was Kanye West was having a mental breakdown so mentally where are you?
I think I'm in a stronger place then I have a that I was after the breakdown I like to say breakthrough
What do you what do you think caused the mental breakdown?
Fear, stress, control, being controlled manipulation like being a pawn and a chess piece of life stressing things that that create like validation that I didn't need to worry about as much and you know that just this the concept of competition and being in competition with so many you know elements at one time on a race against time your age all yo you're getting o race against popularity on the radio Callie got the songs rate got this song on radius playing to dev st. Pablo ain't playing I could do that man take the whole I could take the whole interview
I'm talking about yeah you never you you've been the guy that has always created a flow not gone with the flow. So it seems like you were a little upset that you weren't a part of the flow?
It was weird. I was looking at, you know, we're doing Saint Pablo and the cultural impact is incredible, but I'm looking for other forms of validation, when there's other frequencies and other currencies.
So just because it's not playing on the radio, of course we had you know "Father Stretches" in the club and and on the radio a bit, like it went to number one but you know, to put that same amount, if not more work, into a piece of work and then you used to it coming out like Graduation where everything is everywhere...you know it's frustrating. And really, ever since the Taylor Swift moment it just had never, had never been the same; the connection with radio. It's liken whatever powers that be it was much harder after that. Then also you know LA leaving Universal like, you know he had that radio locked.
So if you an artist and you signed to a major label, you want to be on the radio, specially if you if you popular, if you poppin', you know if you one of the most famous people on the planet and people love your music and all the best artists in the world are coming to your concert and all friends is like, you know Snapchatting themselves at the shows and you selling merch out like that...it seems like "Okay radio should just be intact". It might've been just a piece of information that I was missing, that wasn't being expressed to me, that I didn't understand because at the end of day someone's controlling it and I didn't understand it.
But the radio element was just one of the factors. There's like, you know, the situation with my wife in Paris and all of the elements of like you feeling like, you know, helpless. You feeling like what can you? Do a thousand...I went to Paris on that trip to protect her, but not protect her you know physically but to go and just help her with her looks, because she's in Paris. So I'm like let me put my eye on it personally while she's out in Paris and make sure she busts these niggas ass. Just get fly.
And one of the things that she said that she heard is that they were coming to rob her and they had to wait until I had left and when I finally, and that the people, would have been strategizing and scheming on that for a long time. So when she probably got to Paris by herself, they're like, "Okay this is our chance". Next thing you know I get off on the flight the next day and they were like, "Oh okay, we gotta like fall back". And then you know, when I left a couple days later, I'm on stage and I hear that, my boy Sky comes up to me and says, "You know, your wife was robbed". And I at that point, I didn't know the whole element, or the whole story of what was happening.
Previous to that you know, just one week before that or two weeks before that I had done a fashion show. And I was 45 minutes late. And they LeBronned me bro! Like, remember like when LeBron went to Miami? They just killed him and burned his Jersey and all that. It's like, I had just done MSG! Young Thug on stage, you know and then go and plug in your iPhone with 16,000 people, everybody in the audience, whoever you want to name and shit you, know streaming live, all this like a breakthrough.
Soon as I was 45 minutes late, I felt it was the fashion community getting the right to say "nigger" without saying it. To be like, "Yo we know you come through stepping on necks and all that and what you doing when you approaches things and stuff. But if you get out of line boy? We're gonna roast you".
And it affected me because I'm an artist, and it affected me like emotionally. It's like all these things were like almost set up to put me on meds. To break me down. The robbery, like I don't you know, I don't know where that you know where that came from. You know, was that a bigger plan a bigger set up? You know also just being on stage four times a night, I mean four times a week you know you get exhausted up there.
So you were mentally exhausted, emotionally exhausted physically exhausted, everything
yeah, fine yeah
Did you go to therapy at all? 'Cuz I feel like this is a lot to unpack. And I'm sure you're the go-to guy for a lot of people so it's like who does the go-to guy go to? So I'm sure you had to go to some therapist or something.
Nah, I use the world as my therapist. Anyone I talk to is my therapist. I will pull them into the conversation of what I'm feeling at that point and get their perspective. Sometimes they'd be like "Damn I'm talkin to Ye, I'm not expecting to talk about this user you know I'll
talk through things anybody that I
Mariah and I put that as advice to
people it's like use people around you
as your therapist because they probably
know more about you like therapist is
like does a crash course in yeh and then
comes it's like I want to give you you
know some advice and I'm not saying that
the therapists are bad I'm just saying
that I like to just talk into
acquaintance friends family and you know
minutes at a time talking through things
it's like it's kind of narcissistic you
know talk about my problems using the
energy even like just then being a
sounding board and talking through it so
you know I guess mental health so to
speak you seem to be in a good space
mentally so how did how did you get
there you just talk to it with people or
was it music see returning to Twitter
now just getting these thoughts out
therapeutically yeah but I'm not even
the thoughts that I'm getting out on
Twitter right now and that you know I
think everything is therapeutic but I'm
not doing it as a you know a form of a
personal therapy it's just an innate
feeling I just I want to express I
decided to use this platform to express
some breakthroughs that I've had since
going to the hospital what if some of
those breakthroughs you know you said
something about the fashion world I mean
minutes late they tried to cut your head
off it's kind of the same thing with
Taylor Swift when you got onstage and
you know interrupted acceptance it's
like do you feel like whenever you're in
spaces where you're tolerated as opposed
to celebrate it they let they remind you
of that oh yeah you get reminded all the
time but uh the reminders don't mean
nothing to me anymore
I've broken it you know this is this is
a Hermes level existence at this point
you know like you look at a Birkin bag
the way it's made the more scratches on
it the more the more value it has you
know so all those things those pieces of
the story have created Who I am today
and I wouldn't turn down anything like I
always would be thinking about you as I
was recovering and always thought i'ma
go and talk to Charlemagne first and I
just wanted to say like there was
elements about going to the hospital and
having a breakdown or a breakthrough
that was fire it was incredible the
feeling wasn't quick you know well on
the song st. Pablo I said I'm praying an
out-of-body experience that happened so
people could see my light and know it's
not just rapid you had the context of
rap here go here go one related I want
to talk about rap pickle one related to
our saying about the fashion show so if
my name pops up in a publication and you
know today I don't want to use white
black the black man show all too much
about I want to modernize but I want to
speak about the concept of racism is
something that is something we're in is
something of the past is something will
break in the future so I say this you
know if it's a white publication if they
use the word rapper they not saying that
in a complimentary way they trying to
say that to not classify it in a Howard
Hughes Picasso's you know I'm just an
artist way yeah artists or just person
or something just who I am what I say
say my name and whatever just say my
first name or say half of my first thing
just say yeah whatever and whatever
someone takes from that
then cool and then say what happened I
just leave it there
don't put no extra sauce on it so when
they put the wrapper and then they'll
say something I'll say that's like
absolutely inspired but if they put it
in the something inspired in the wrong
context will come off as I don't want to
say crazy because I also want to change
the stigma of crazy and I want to change
the stigma of mental health period and I
have not done no extra study on it
we at the beginning of it at the
beginning a conversation but best
believe I'm gonna take stigma off the
word crazy but let's just say for now
people would take something that's
enlightened put it in different contexts
and then call it crazy to try to
diminish the impact and the value of
what I'm actually saying every Friday at
like Rafiki and The Lion King remember I
think he knew exactly what simply came
from you knew exactly whose symbol was
or what symbol was about but everybody
would say all right freaky is crazy he
stay away from him and when they roughly
he took that staff and hits them
overhead and said no you're crazy
because you don't even know who you are
look at this Lake and let me show you
where you come from I think you might
have forgotten that your kanye was yeah
cuz so many people was trying to read
trying to make you believe that you were
lesser than who you truly are
oh yeah if you hang around people who
act like you are who you are then you'll
forget who you are and I got a doper
wait I've read I've written it down and
I was walked over with yeah yeah tweet
you know we should just tweet tweet that
right now shit speaking of Twitter yeah
you know how does that feel coming back
to quit because I would say coming back
to Twitter because I would think that
the hardest thing for Kanye wasn't to be
quiet
yeah he was quiet for like a year I
didn't have a lot to say I had a lot to
learn and you know right now your
document where I'm at this is I felt the
need to speak at this point you know
when you when you look up at five years
from now
or ten years from now they'll be I'll be
even more I have more experience I'll be
in a I'll be in a better place than I
was today
but it's good for you to see yeah you
know there'll be mistakes there'll be
flaws and the way I communicate today
because we're human beings were flawed
I'm not media trained I'm not studied in
that I'm not trying to say the right
thing I'm just saying exactly what I
feel out of out of love the last time
Kanye West felt like he had something to
learn that's an interesting he says you
know Kanye the guy who seems to know
everything to know what's going on for
music fashion like was the last time
Kanye felt like he has something to
learn every day every day I'm trying to
learn something and every day I get you
know I get afraid I I'm I'm fearful of
things and I just use bravery to
overcome but I'm fearful of I mean the
quote it was so cool people always say
the wise man knows he knows nothing yeah
yeah I'm learning and now I'm expressing
some things that I felt and if they mean
something to you at this time then great
if not then you know don't don't use
them so you know a lot of you know I
think me and Jays issue my issue it just
came down to information I'm super
hungry for information I'm any
information more than I need validation
more than I need finance I need like if
I learn how to fish then I can feed my
family forever
so I'm just constantly looking for the
information information how do I set up
a factory so you feel like Jay was
tossing you money as opposed to give you
an information you know the hit finish
line on four four fours you know I gave
blinking
gave me that he gave me the money
that's what frustrated me because
actually the money was he got from Live
Nation he rag nation has managed me at
the time that's something normal that
someone gives someone a touring deal it
was a touring deal but the fact that it
was worded that it came from him I'm a
very loyal emotional like artist person
you know that made me feel like I owed
more than just the money itself for the
fact that it came from him you know it
just put me under a bit more of a kind
of controlled situation as I can I don't
I'm only acting out of love I don't need
to be controlled I just need to be
inspired and informed and I can be the
best yay in that way but if I have the I
gave you this on it and I don't have the
full information of how it happened now
that said I think there was some love in
that because on Jays part because he did
have to co-sign for it when the Live
Nation's and these different companies
wouldn't cosign for me and I was in debt
J did have to go up and say I'm a cosign
for yeh so the thing is this it's one of
those ones like have you ever done
something where you did something for
someone that's positive but it was
something about the way you did it they
kind of like blew the whole thing up so
Jay did something that was positive but
the fact that I didn't receive the
information in the right way I you know
because I always feel like man I'm out
here in Hollywood I'm not here like my
mom's past I don't know who I can trust
I don't trust nobody
and Jay was Big Brother Big Brother you
know I feel like y'all might have
reacted emotionally though meaning that
like you reacted emotionally when you
was on stage and you ranted and then he
replied in a record you know that's not
really his his character to do something
like that
to put out like this is what I did for
I mean yeah but he he he did it in a
brotherly way you know he could have
went all he could released an entire
record or something yeah it's just a bar
you know they go yeah could have went
crazy got every single piece of
information and possible all my life and
stuff no the finances are you know so
even like when I tweeted I was in debt
that gave me power that I took my power
back because it's like someone trying to
say like yo if you say this you're not
gonna be cool no more and it's like man
my financial situation don't make me
yeah I'm in debt now what and I'm still
yay yeah what you saying about myself
before somebody else can use it against
me yeah that's not called living your
truth to live your truth so you know you
live your truth nobody can use your
truth against you yeah you know what you
and Jay got now we're good you know we
tweeting I mean we texting each other's
positive energy have y'all seen each
other oh I haven't seen him but I I can
feel you know what keeps what keeps
brothers like y'all from just you know
come to the house man let's have a meal
let's sit down and talk face-to-face out
of hock and every time I you know see
him doing the interview whether they
would let him in whoever he's saying
that's that's my brother like I love him
like so what stops you off and just
face-to-face communication go do it
sometimes also like when you have like
such similar personalities and people
are you know creating their own
existence in their own world and their
own simulation or whatever you know they
need to do it on their own
you know when we were doing watch the
throne I was there you know in service
to Jay in service to myself too you know
but I was there where any idea the
Givenchy artwork on watch throng like
the first time you ever saw the Givenchy
dog was on ham was on a ham cover
you know the ODIs be the producers were
working with every piece of information
was a open source directly for you know
my idol for J and that's where we were
at that time and if that's the case then
you know yeah he's gonna be around more
you know if I you know went off and you
know started focusing on clothes and
building my company and my you know my
factory and my office and just focus on
my family all this and you know that's
wrap they said you went too far talking
about his family
do you feel like you go too far whoop
ends on how you look at it if we're
family if we're brothers and we are
family then is my family if we're
business associates and this then it was
too far you know respectfully you know
you know I got a say you know I was hurt
about I was heard about them not coming
to the wedding
I understand they was going through some
things but if his family you know you're
not gonna miss a wedding you know and
I'm not I'm not using this interview to
put any negative things but I got a
statement brother yeah I got a state my
truth like and then that one thing
happens and another thing happens
another thing happened other things
happen you just start come up with all
type of crazy ideas in your head and
stuff like why and it obviously it's me
I'm like wow our personality and stuff
I'm like the cousin you can't bring
nowhere all this type of stuff obviously
but if interested about the wedding
did they not come because it you know in
the press it was Beyonce has a problem
with
you know they don't like all the
kardashian reality-show
type thing about maybe now in hindsight
maybe it was cuz they had their own
issues that they was trying to work out
what do you think of what I'm not sure
I'm past it
but at the time I was heard about it did
you ask them I don't think I have asked
them that question directly maybe
talking through someone I work with them
and that kind of thing but yeah I think
you gotta address what bothers you yeah
I think that's what might be causing or
I'm what causes the breakthroughs you
know when you're not asking the things
that you want to ask like those are
questions you can get answers for like
some things you can't get answers for
but that way you can get an answer for I
don't think the answer fixes it true
true I want to go back to something you
said speaking about fixing something
like how did you as a man forgive
yourself for you know you said you feel
like you let your wife down cuz you hide
the security how did you get over that
cuz that's not your fault
that's chance I mean she wasn't here I
would never forgive myself you know it's
just bugged out when you're super a high
profile and this celebrity the concept
of celebrity you're like as famous as
the president but you don't have
national national guard with you you
gotta hire your own you got to make your
own like you know community guard this
is a constant thing basically the idea
of security and the rave relates to Fame
and this not all that it's like yeah
especially with you know social media
and all these different things and like
oh that's like my wife doesn't even wear
big diamonds anymore we don't keep no
jury no money in the house
no you know named high art none of that
we don't keep any of that any place you
know where our kids day
you know I wanted to think I talked to
my therapist about though because it's
it's a very vulnerable feeling being a
father and a husband because our job is
to protect and provide but shall we not
school right now like anything can
happen you know you're not with your
wife all the times on anything can
happen so it's kind of like a very
vulnerable feeling like you almost gotta
let go and let God
so to speak mm-hmm you know you think um
you think it's easy to be fearless when
it's just you that you have to worry
about but you know now being a husband
and a parent does it make you more
afraid to take more chances yeah but you
got to stay brave you have to follow
your gut feeling you know I have
everyone has a position in the universe
and you know I've been made and had the
experiences I've had for a reason
to be expressive to to to go through
going to the hospital to go through the
dynamics of you know family brother
working relationships you know I got to
follow my gut when I had that fear I
still have to be you know brave you know
I think is a interesting in this world
it's like looking for sound bites like
we talked about the J thing it's like
you know what I do love J and I don't
have all the answers for every issue
I've ever had I don't have a soundbite
for everything that's why yeah you said
sometimes a language is overrated form
of communication like words don't always
do it do it justice I saw something you
tweeted and it was to the effect of us
some things can't be explained something
just need to be experienced mm-hm
what'swhat's that respond I met a little
bit when you want to express yourself a
lot of times words can get in the way
just this innate feeling that we have
you know what someone's talking to you
trying to talk you into something with
something like that and you just like
look this just don't feel right you know
oftentimes people playing ball doing
karate whatever it is they and people
that they don't miss your karate since
you see a little karate films like but
it always be you know get out of your
head go from your gut go from your Chi
do what you feel and that's what I'm big
on stop strategizing so much stop
setting so many plays stop doing things
only based in fear like the universe
will assist you when you are acting in
love all right we did this thing I said
when you're acting in love you're like a
drop of water and you have the ocean as
your army when you act in fear it's just
you and your money now you could take
your money and put in a Bitcoin put a
credit form put in a cash or all your
cashed and then and then stand up to the
ocean and who's gonna win I'm
understanding I think your mind stayed a
little bit more like when you was on
stage and you'd be going into the ranch
hmm it was out of fear you were afraid
at that time I think those rents I think
to do the rents though were brave I
think we're in a place now where bravery
is more important than perfection
feeling is more important than thought
people get so they put so much thought
into it what's gonna happen so I
actually think that the rants came from
a place of bravery and I had enough of
the politics you know and that's the
world that we're in right now like
people are speaking that truth
you know people are expressing their
selves and you know I've been waiting
for this I've been waiting for this
moment because it's always been such a
you know just a political ear and you
know society and mentality that
everyone's been in and stuff like don't
do that you need to do this you need to
you'll need to hang out with them you
need to hang out with them you know all
this and like trying to please people
and all that stuff and I don't feel like
right now like people are trying to
please people the same way they trying
to please themselves that could be a bad
thing right because I feel like we're
all public servants at the end of the
day we're here to serve the needs of the
public we're all greater than ourselves
well we definitely touch on the word
back and the idea of good and bad things
just are it depends on what side you are
and if something is good or bad it
depends on what your agenda is but of
course we can speak in terms of that you
know we we haven't got our language
hasn't evolved to what either of us are
feeling at this point so both of us
that's when this is dropping so do you
always think the plaintiff played in the
future yeah I guess we don't I guess we
could be in the future people got to
catch up yeah you talked about the
politics you know you said on stage I
was saying that with the word bad top
students bad as a consequence people are
people
people are so raised on the idea of home
team away-team positive negative good
bad like I think negative gets too much
of a negative rap you know you it's life
is a balance I don't believe in any good
or bad experiences I feel like
everything's just a part of the process
of life yeah you know you think about
bad experiences that have happened to
you do you still look at them as just
bad or did you learn something from them
there's no bad and there's no enemies
even people want to kill you I'm not
your enemy
that's something I was gonna tweet and I
was like I feel this but I don't know if
people would take it in a certain way
I've got a lot of ideas that a Ford and
you know I'm just gonna keep building
like a mountain the mountain of like a
snowball snowball our ideas and just
keep getting more and more more more
expressive as I go oh but you know I
don't even know if it's a book it's like
stream it's all about streams everything
is straight that's why that's an amazing
work that's an amazing modern and
futuristic word streams streams of
consciousness streaming music everything
is just a stream Lakes the water you
know it's like exactly you know where we
will be we will be ultra light being
ultra light stream we will be all just a
stream
I feel like Kanye with the brand well
Kanye was the man in rebelling against
Kanye was the brain you know my email is
not act on us you are retired from
whatever that meant to be Kanye West I
think the spirit my spirit my attitude
is a representation of fighting for your
own truth will live like if I die
tomorrow they would live past me the
yeah it's like a hawk thing it's a
that's your name there's like Kanye West
yeah and it means the only one you know
one of the incredible things I thought
about when I went to the hospital is on
Kendricks album there's the skit what
my opinion mm-hmm
you know one of the things that was
incredible when I you know got out of
the hospital was I had lost my
confidence
Kanye was with no confidence I was like
Michael Jordan with no jumping yeah like
and you could see it that's what I was
saying sunken place all this stuff you
know it's like and Wow I never had the
empathy for people who lacked confidence
I had so much of it I didn't know what
it was like to be without it you mean
zero confidence you just was less
confident in usual
it just wasn't Black Panther Superman
level confidence it was you know it was
placed into the simulation and shit I
was like completely could be like molded
and controlled and everything if that
was the case if I was you know when I
wouldn't speak up you know I you know
I'm speak up and so I like where I was
and I got in the hospital
it's even when I did the next fashion
show you know it it got all these good
reviews yeah cuz I was less confident
because it's like they're there boy
that's exactly what we wanted I didn't
trade it I just didn't have I didn't
have me I didn't have my confidence so
that's superpower could never like if I
was like homeless any situation you
could take everything you could black
mirror me you could put shit on the
media and say yay fuck to go no doubt at
all this type of shit and you will not
take my confidence away what did the
acne decision what took Kanye's
confidence that's like that's literally
like somebody bringin kryptonite to
Superman that's what I don't know
exactly what it was it had something to
do I mean maybe a doctor could give an
explanation but I had to do or something
with coming
through the breakthrough I like to call
it the breakthrough and at the breakdown
uh coming through the breakthrough that
you know but also I think isn't it was
incredible because it was a forced
amount it was forced humility tonight
positive and negative I like a humility
it just is what it is but previously I
would have looked at humility is more of
a negative thing and even if you read
certain definitions it's it's kind of
got a negative vibe but as we said
before no positive or negative but also
that humility gave me time to to grow
and everyone just backed off a lot to a
lot of people depend on me they asked
for a lot of things they're like
Superman do this for me and you know one
of the things that the the irony because
people always heard about the sunken
place and yeah that I never saw the mean
but I could I could I get the picture of
it the funny thing about that is that my
wife like she's like I'm responsible
you like yeas mom has passed away I'm
responsible to take care of this
superhero and my mom might have had
these things where she made sure I never
took my Superman cape off you know I got
this wrap that say parents are the
strippers strip kids that he confidence
teach white dominance question your
common sense
I've been Washington tradition the
armrest hopped off the Amistad and made
I'm a god now when I said it I liked it
for this interview when I said it on a
song I don't like the frequency of it
because it felt dated because it touched
on race too much so it's not that not
that race them we definitely are dealing
with racism but I want to push future
concepts you know now I'm doing I'm
giving you two streams of constants in
one I want to talk about my wife I also
want to talk about Harriet
fucking he said I'm good
that was the moment that I wanted to use
bill
why it's like when you just see like on
the slave movies it's like why you got
to keep reminding us about slavery why
don't you show us but Michael Jordan or
with a slave who rebelled oh I heard
that turn in a different frequency
though they kind of were like you when
you say you didn't feel like being
controlled yeah you know what it's funny
like my boy Tremaine tweet it you know
picture of me and Virgil and he said
Malcolm X Martin Luther King and all
these people got mad like how can you
compare them to that man I know this is
gonna cause an uproar but certain
certain icons it's just too far in the
past and not relatable and that's what
makes them safe like they'll let you go
on the Grammys and talk about slavery
and all that and racism because it's not
talking about buying stock it's not
talking about buying property
yeah economic empowerment yeah it's not
talking about economic town you can
complain as hard as you want on that
platform and but it's not scary well
that's what ultimately got Martin King
jr. killed like it wasn't when he was
fighting for civil rights since when he
started talking about economic
empowerment he was planting things like
the the poor people's March which will
be the largest march on Washington with
people of all colors that would just
point us in franchise that's when he
took Martin uh Harry how the comparison
with birds Universal was saying that he
his he's more Martin I'm more Malcolm
but there is a civil rights element to
the ability to create your own industry
because even when we did wrap everything
we got basketball and rap are both
someone else's industry
so you're always a player it took
Michael Jordan a long time to become an
owner with that say because you
mentioned Virgil like he's not a
creative director for Louboutin
I feel like he went from being a owner
with off-white to not being a player how
do you how do you feel about that some
people have to do things just to prove
that they can be done and whether they
become the billionaire that other dial
on the other side of it you know Obama
went into that office as a public
servant in a service position and it
didn't matter the amount of money it
didn't matter the amount of ownership
the world the world needed to see that
this was a possibility
so for Virgil it's like the world just
needs to see things you know I was
afraid to speak the way I speak now I
was afraid to show you you know my my
office in Calabasas I was afraid to show
purchased that I'm building my first
community on my first five properties on
because you know I felt like it would be
shut down but it's not about me even if
I got killed tomorrow and they shut
everything down the fact that I put the
idea out is the Black Panther shit that
is a kid watching this in high school
and a kid in college because at a
certain point you know pop at a certain
point he just had some message and hand
the baton he's like I might not be here
I mean I changed the world
I mean fuck yes the seed and somebody
else that may change yeah and that's the
thing the problem is obviously
self-preservation is the first law of
nature but people won't
hand over coats completely to the next
generation out of just protecting
themselves like some of the stuff we
touching on is very scary and I'm having
to be brave to talk to you about it
there's so many elements in our life
that create an icon that you're supposed
to look you're supposed to feel like you
not as good as the icon mmm I have an
issue with that I'm just going to say
backlash whatever I have an issue with
ideas that are presented that make you
feel less for your entire life look at
human beings is more than men or more
than women yeah and then we need to do
something that's human yeah like oh
we've let let us down oh yeah bro when I
was in the hospital especially the black
people that worked at the hospital and I
was on that hospital bed and I felt like
they were like my family members and I
looked at him and there in their eyes
and I don't know it was like the tribe
or something like as much as I want to
say we're one race one humanity one
living organism you know there is an
element of the black celebrity in
America and when I was laid out on a
hospital bed looking through the window
and a black UCLA employee I felt like I
had left them down I felt like they was
looking at me like just shaking it that
just sad it's like oh that's Jane hey in
the hospital bitch that's our gay bro
like that's that's I da juice like he
can't like they can't they can't break
him is your tribe though I think I think
you know one of the one of the big
moments was when you met with Donald
Trump and I think that led a lot of
people down you know the funny thing is
I always think about that Dave Chappelle
skit of the was Benjamin Big C yeah
like they created you know some of the
blonde reasons right yeah the client
races and stuff like Clayton Bigsby
right it's like I felt like when I came
out and express what I said and when I
felt that was almost like a Clayton
Bigsby moment when everybody's head
exploded like my yay George Bush don't
care about black people connect in any
way this dude has to like dis Trump at
all point at all costs
everything about and it was some
dynamics to this so many people around
me said don't express your feelings why
your brand you're this you're that
you're that you said you would have
voted for that's the feeling you talk
about right yeah that feeling yeah
because people first thing they say is
racism they say well what makes George
Bush more any more racist than trouble
there's a question what my friend asked
me my response is well racism isn't the
deal-breaker for me if that was the case
I wouldn't live in America
that's original oh no as a rich yeah I
do racism I do it just basically in this
gated community above all accepted I do
it so
oh I got love for Obama I got love for
everybody every human being that ever
existed but I felt like Obama was
perfect he was almost like Nike or is
where if you saw or Nike when I was at
Nike that Nike that like when I was that
if you so in the good with everything
and you got your whole thing planned on
a strategize if you have like a rogue
character like me that comes in and says
we need to do this for Chicago we need
to do this to the dead you got to take
it with a grain of salt you're gonna be
cordial you're gonna be all you know all
that but you're like you're not really
gonna change anything you know night
when I was at Nike they weren't willing
to change anything they feel Knight who
have the most respect for I have respect
Parker you know I just got to speak out
as a parent you know and apologize to
this man forever speaking ill on his
name and his company because he gave me
that shot when we did the original easy
at Nike and he was there with me I was
on a plane with him I was sketching and
he said look at this schedule because
this guy a chance and he put me next to
Tinker Hatfield and it's me and Don C
making the first easy but Tinker
Hatfield in mark Parker
that was the squad that made the
original Nike easy so I just want always
wanted to express that as a father and
you know and when my karma comes you
know I'll accept it in real time
you know like Kill Bill you know when
that karma comes to get you people I got
a frustration sometimes yeah but I got
some karma waiting on me
so but I just wanted to express that
because we're putting into the universe
only good energy and every moment was a
great moment because if Mark Parker
hadn't given me that moment well then he
helped turbocharged me and the
combination Louis Vuitton doing Vuitton
sneaker and Nike sneakers come out the
same time so they helped turbocharged me
and I had a conversation with my friend
and Chris's house down the street and
you talk about some rich legacy I'll
tell you some just a regular man shit
that every man deals with my girlfriend
has a child we have a baby you make
decisions in your life based on
providing for your family
I'd love thank you I loved a Nike I have
to put the IDI on it for the
stockholders so but when I was you know
young I used to sketch the swoosh
everything you know so it was
heartbreaking for me to have to leave
Nike but they refused to allow me to get
royalty on my shoe and I knew I had the
hottest shoe in the world I knew Yeezy
was the hottest brand in the world if I
couldn't get royalties they just said
shoes and we'll give some of the
proceeds to your favorite charity but it
was nothing to build no now we building
factories they wouldn't let me build
anything they trying to create a
generational well yeah and just put out
more amazing ideas to the world both
things generational wealth more ideas my
friend
was that Chris's house and expressed to
me that he had received a royalty
because he was a store and I'm easy and
they wouldn't give me a royalty that was
like the final straw I was talking to
Puma and talking adidas the dude that
didn't
Puma definitely needs to lose his job
and so like I'm not gonna say his name
but he imagined so because you know with
that infrastructure and these ideas and
this connection I have it wasn't no way
it wasn't gonna be a unicorn you know
Easy's a unicorn billion-dollar company
we were at fifteen million two years ago
gonna hit a billion this year it's never
ever been heard of so that make you
anxious they give you okay it's what
it's supposed to be you know if I really
had some percentage that related to my
actual influence I'd be like a multi
trillionaire so that's fine no so I made
the decision and I left and I went with
someone that would allow me to build
something you know I can call the CEO of
Adidas directly I have a cell phone
Mark Parker wouldn't get on the phone
with me really I don't even think you
should be apologizing to him if you
can't even give you a courtesy call yeah
you know they'd say things like I don't
know why people like the easy and you
know Ferriss so and the funny thing is
look at Naik now literally all the
people that ever work with me are like
the hottest people at Nike now like they
gave them the deals because we left and
rip their heads off how did that make
you feel when they leave you to go back
to a place that stifle job basically who
you saying they even talk about like the
opportunity they got families bro you
know these corporations they provide an
opportunity these are my friends they
have families
if I'm not gonna provide on the same
opportunity I'm not gonna stand in their
way either but you are providing them
the same opportunity it's just more of
you fella building something as opposed
to something that already exists now a
lot of times people like the room the
space you know when you get such a big
corporation you could build up your own
brand next to it if you're really you
know close to me it's just gonna be my
brand so people you don't want to build
their own brand actually need to be as
far away from me as possible to just to
get out of the shadow kind of way
because you know you'd be a Kanye West
the heat that you bring heats them up
just enough like I wouldn't know a
Virgil
he hadn't been Kanye was his creative
director creative collaborator whatever
you wanted to call it yeah it's
interesting how all unfolds and you feel
different ways there's a lotta there's
mixed emotions there like all this is my
crew my crew was working for Nike
killing it you know I want my crew next
to me because like when I get on the
phone with Virgil that's my you know
that's my team he's mine he's like the
strategist I'm the emote ER I'm like
Tesla I'm thinking of all the ideas like
Nikola Tesla that I got the car and I'm
thinking of all these ideas and Virg was
able to take all of those ideas and then
architect them because he is an
architect like you had school for
architecture but also this is great
training you know people got a like I
heard Nike does stuff like sends people
to business school but they're still
like a Nike mm-hmm like best believe Don
Matt Virgil Jerry still Donda at the end
of the day Louis Vuitton is still Don
done at the end of the day so I know we
go we're going to head back to the
presidential thing so yeah I want to go
back to merge the two let's go back to
the president thing I'm still trying to
figure out what
it relates the truck see Obama came to
me before he ran for office and he met
with me and my mother to let me know he
was gonna run for office because I am
his favorite artist of all time because
I am the greatest artists of all time
you know it makes its you got a good
taste
yeah you got his confidence back no I'm
just saying that it's a flat statement
up to this point you know after after me
there will be greater you know but this
is this is yay like this is like past
anything that's happened up to this
point this is the best even the Michael
Jackson Prince Stevie Wonder whoever
else want to throw out there cuz I throw
out there I throw Howard Hughes in there
though Henry Ford or Walt Disney I know
Steve Jobs gotcha in there also so you
can't say it's a lock or something like
that is a matter of opinion
yeah and then a barbershop debate there
right it's not even a debate it's just
the truth this yeah it's man when you
when you when you the greatest is funny
man you know I mean like Ali lived a
great life you got to know who you are
absolutely you got to know who you are
so Obama looks like yeas like my
favorite artists I want you to support
the runner for office Michael this is
dope you know they'll get black
president
Stew's Mac who's from you know Chicago
then when I went on stage and it would
be good if this video didn't get out but
you saw the video we called you jack oh
yeah you know he never called me to
apologize just that the same person that
sat down with me and my mom I think
should have communicated to me directly
and then like yo yay
yo you know what he said I'm in the
wrong this is a joke you know what why
he said that though let me at that time
some words from Obama probably could
have helped ease the situation not a
little bit I mean as opposed to calling
you a jack I haven't pour more fuel on
the fight you know no nobody's perfect
I love Obama I'm sure yeah I'm sure
we'll hang out go to Richard Branson's
island or whatever you know me it'll be
cool I just think that we were in a
period where you know yeah it's so much
stuff to do what he couldn't deal with a
you know wild car like me I think that's
too unpredictable someone that wasn't
being controlled by strategy and
thoughts with someone who's acting or
feelings we knew that already up to that
point though I mean if anything when you
said George Bush talked about black
people on stage in front of millions
live people should have realized that
that woman we can't control that guy
yeah you think you think people would
have realized that wouldn't ya guess
they didn't
so in our counter I felt away a little
bit about Obama that I'm your favorite
artist you play touch the sky at your
inauguration and now all of a sudden
Kendrick and J and all these all the
people you invited to the White House
like now these yo favor rappers now and
I I got a problem with these rappers but
you know I'm your favorite but I'm not
safe hmm
but that's why you love me so just tell
me you love me that's all and tell the
world you love me don't tell the world
I'm a jackass I'm fighting hard enough
something about me going onstage was
similar to what you was doing
cuz I'm fighting to break the simulation
break the setup that didn't make no
sense
it's not that I'm particularly fighting
for Beyonce's video it was every time a
word show has ever done that just
fucking with artists we are HSP highly
sensitive
people artists that's what you love
about us so you're gonna line up a whole
bunch of artists and put us at some bum
ago and lined up trying to wait for a
gold statue and you gonna make us feel
like shit you know it's five of us that
you and four of us got to go to the
restaurant what our friends about hey
we're nothing fuck yeah fuck that I
remember you said that you was upset cos
Beyonce said she would refuse to perform
at the VMAs unless she won the award I
was one of their I think other
Sacramento you went on there right now
you know what I don't know if that's
true I don't I don't I honestly don't
know if that's the true thing I was like
an alternative fact now fake news you
put up there know if someone told me
that oh okay but I haven't heard that
from her and it's not confirmed there's
not an obvious truth so that showed you
like people put thoughts in your head to
separate you know it's people who play
both sides people also my switching
sides there's people who will literally
talk to you that I get a piece of
information drop a negative piece of
talk to other side get some of his meat
or drop- piece of information on both
sides and then I show up like what's up
you know so I don't know so I could talk
to I could talk to them directly it's
neither here nor there to me but at that
point when I was on my way to the
hospital that was that affected me
because I'm pure mm-hmm it's like you
don't appreciate pure it's like if you
don't appreciate pure this is like more
nobama thing like you know I appreciate
purity you know you don't understand
them amount of bravery that it takes to
America and famous like the amount of
great like Richard Pryor has this piece
where he talks about that he says like
there's no such thing as someone making
it and remaining pure like I'm talking
years old
got a family I'm famous I got a
billion-dollar business and I'm speaking
to you in a stream yeah that that
bothered me but I'm not saying I have a
problem with that I just want to put
this out to the universe just to just to
kind of give some people something to
think about
no it's interesting it's like a it's a
very Gemini thing you know you see the
traits you see the in you and in the
pockets like what's wrong with
expressing how you fail and I mean you
get to this point where you're Kanye
West's tuple start a brand and it's like
they want you to be everything but human
beings got emotions no one should be
everything but you but you yeah but were
you gonna say no this interview if you
feel the way about you know something
you heard that Beyonce didn't you feel
away about Obama calling you a jackass
you should be able to express that oh
yeah and then I also like had a problem
you know that Obama's from Chicago in
Chicago is the murder capital of the
world you know I had a number of things
that made me say just like how there's
races Trump supporters and there's
things where I'm like well maybe this
could make a difference you felt like
President Obama could have like waved
the magic wand and just got Chicago
right it's not a magic wand you know
what it's not his fault man you see my
gray hair on that man you don't know
what that man was doing I mean you could
only imagine but just it took everything
from everything in that man's spirit and
sold and that's a mention racism every
sentence this man was a Jackie Robinson
of politics you know he's the first
person to do it so you know we want to
be supportive and be aligned also but
this isn't like a an absolute soundbite
this is an opposite this is an absolute
opinion on either one it's complex it's
cocked this is complex because these are
voices I might be President one day
you know so I might be in that situation
where
it's harder for me to explain to the
masses why something isn't happening
that they feel that the concept of a
president should be able to fix so to
Obama I will say that I understand bro
like I understand I understand like JD
that coming to the wedding they just had
an altercation I understand but I have
my feelings also all right so it's
complex when I can't even spoke to Obama
was that the last time when he met you
in your mom we did a fundraiser a for
midterm for them in San Francisco and we
did a performance for them and right
before I went on stage someone let me
know that he had left didn't even get to
see him that day I saw beforehand for
okay
yeah he left right before you performed
yeah that made you feel the way I felt
way brother just told reach out to the
brother I'm sure just let him know like
I feel away history this interview all
right talk yeah I felt do it I'll be
filling away feeling I got feelings bro
he feeling away bro I'll be feeling love
you hey I'd be feeling a way because
these are people that you've assisted
and helped him maybe possibly get to the
point that they act and then when they
get there they don't give you that same
love and return a support and return
when you need it
nobody owes me anything but I'm still
gonna feel what I feel all right
and I understand that's the thing where
sometimes a conversation can help show
respect for a situation you know look I
couldn't do this because of these
reasons you know how it is see my gray
hair it's crazy I hear I'm the leader of
the free world yeah sorry for calling a
jackass
I appreciate your honesty
I appreciate your Gemini your to Pacus I
appreciate that somebody's gonna do it
because I'm friends I can't do it but I
appreciate that somebody it's still
willing to do it that's why I got the
interview with you
and I'm saying you go off truth you know
as you risk your life for your truth you
know in the in the feeling what was the
feeling that made you say you know what
I want to go meet with Donald Trump and
what yeah are we talking about when that
happened when that the yang with no
confidence we got the yeah who was kind
of figured things out what yeh was that
yeah but I'm not going back down at that
I'm gonna I'm not gonna let myself off
easy
mm-hmm by saying are met with Trump just
cuz I was going through something I am
gonna give the universe that mm-hmm no
I'm a face it and they gonna face me
this was the yeh that wanted to do
something to change something and I
would meet with him today and I would
talk about Chicago first talk about some
more things we could eventually get into
a lot of you know elements but we start
there
you think he cares about black people
what do you think nominated what hit you
with a question to your question I hate
when people do that are you
that's fire cuz you use the George Bush
quote against me about black people come
on honey all when you met with him he
hadn't even really been you know acting
president now he's got a yearand dog
belt
nothing good has come of Donald Trump
being in the White House other than
people starting to build their own like
he talked about when you left
Nike because Nike wouldn't allow you to
build your own but I think Donald Trump
is forcing us
to build a home it's a difference bro
I'm doing my landscaping the back of my
crib rich nigga shit right the before we
could put all the trees and add the
beauty you got to break some things if
you keep on getting just the beauty just
the perfect thing just the Obama walk
through the hard way it just see you
don't even why his feet don't even touch
the floor he just floating
you're very a handshake and all that you
know man you get all of these images
this is what it is this is what I wanted
to talk about the idea of black
perfection like a black person can't be
imperfect in the public eye that's a
form of control I'm here to show you
imperfection the beauty is in the
imperfection that this is possible but
I'm sitting there at the award show and
I'm like man this is the Staple Singers
they play ball here y'all gonna sit
through this and put this lit this my
manipulation tell you that you know
someone I you know I'm gonna put no
energy we're keeping a father it is you
like that that's what they used to say
about Morocco Morocco had to be perfect
because if he wasn't perfect and you
probably would never get another one
you know that's like the virtual
situation right you know I feel like I
feel like Barack's brother a little bit
you remember when Barack's brother was
talking a little bit before if I shut up
you know it's like because it's complex
with Louis Vuitton you know as me and
Virgil went and infiltrated fashion
which is what we did he started to learn
about it
he started I got this thing I'm a tweet
later into the road on my retreat that
was you know you look at this mountain
top and at the top of the mountain it's
all these tools for life
so you proceed you say I need these
tools in order to win it life so you
proceeded to climb up the mountain but
you you need tools in order to get up
the mountain to climb look you
collecting tools and stuff by the time
you get to the top of the mountain
you got more tools than ones at the top
and that's what I figured out about
fashion you know I talked to Virgil for
an hour you know I realized that the
concept of luxury and all this is what
did I love about Gucci what did I love
about louisvil Tom I love Tom Ford
I love the artist and Gucci created a
platform for the artist
I love Marc Jacobs and Louie Vuitton
created a platform for the artists it's
a battle the child won't know about
Francois Pino Bernard Arnault Francois
Pinot is Balenciaga and Gucci okay okay
Bernardo is the richest person in
fashion this is the head of the LVMH
group like I've been to his house before
I've shaken hands to do a deal before
with this man and he's one of my idols
just like jay-z he's cold
you know is he made culture before
culture there was culture because he set
the platform before there was an
Internet to hire John Galliano from st.
Martin's one of Louie soo it Wilson
students hire Marc Jacobs he had the
vision this man is a visionary you know
he is one of my idols
I love Bernard I feel as he loves me
also so this is how it works they have
two main main main schools that have
raised the fashion icons Parsons in New
York and st. Martin's in London Bernard
I know
and Pinot that's there recruiting you
know can't they go there and now the
breakthrough Virgil is now we have
someone who's come from Donda it's
comfortable school to Kanye West and I
hear people talk about all he and go to
school oh we went to school all right
head to school we was doing JPEGs and
Japan and we we were we were making
Photoshop so much and not making clothes
that we we started just joking about the
JPEGs like did you shrink my JPEG did
you did you did you dye my JPEG and shit
we because we couldn't figure out how to
actually make the clothes so we just do
it in Photoshop and Virgil became the
fastest Photoshop artist that I've ever
met in my life we'd be sitting in a you
know you know right before we went to
Fendi you know just photoshopping things
in definitely win if we endure a Fendi
but we ain't do shit bro we could do
nothing man I was just happy to have a
key card you know it upset you can you
said you have mixed emotions when Virgil
got the job did it upset you because
that's something that you wanted like
you was verbal about wanting in on one
of these fashion houses and being able
to create for Louie Vuitton or Gucci
what's the thing we said about you know
the the tools at the top of the mountain
you know in the process you gain all the
tools it's the journey and that journey
you gain everything you need now we got
factories we it's you know there is some
talk about validation need or not need
for validation there's some validation
and the fact that someone that I came up
with is now the head of Louis Vuitton
you know and I said you know honestly
you know that's that was a slight I
shouldn't have worried it like that
Virgil is the head of menswear Nicholas
Gasca is the head of women's wear
Bernardo is - hey so I just want a word
it straight straight up because every
time we say head it's like a little bit
of a slight - Nicholas and you know
Nicholas is the god like maybe the best
top top number one designer in the world
the original call
before you took the job because that was
something that you wanted to he call you
like you let me at least consult would
yeah oh asking if this time I should do
how do you hear about it on the internet
like the rest of us now he made the call
two minutes before he hit dinner but you
didn't know about the meetings or the
stuff that was happening beforehand no
no well we I was in the I was in Berlin
with rocky and he told me he's like you
know we're looking at I'm looking at
Louboutin I'm looking at Versace like he
you know you know like yeah I'm wow you
know me so it's all like the fact he had
my reputation is kind of like Devil
Wears Prada or something like that so
people are mindful in the way that they
gave me information too so he didn't he
didn't he was like I'm going to lose
like Versace
got this I got to kind of laid it out
then I showed him the season six
campaign I showed of Paris Hilton and
this laughs like we got to drop this and
we just doing music or rocky but he knew
he's going to baton at that time cuz he
did system magazine system magazine is
an LVMH magazine and whenever they're
about to prep up you know a new town
that they put them on system magazine
just to kind of put it in the ethos yeah
you know this is who we gonna you know
we gonna put here um as far as getting
the job or taking the job or is it cool
yeah bro like it's a cool job to have
they got that platform they got
thousands of stores they got you know
resources you know I have met with her
meds you know maybe a year and a half
prior to that I met with Bernardo know
we had a deal you know on the table that
we shook on I did some performances that
they museum and then three months later
the deal got dropped at the board and
that that that set me back in apparel a
bit when that happened because in order
for me to even negotiate the deal
just after I did season one with adidas
I had to go to Adidas and say okay I
know we had the best fashion show all
this but Louis Vuitton is
back you know easy in the kanye west
company and these guys are masters of
clothes so I need you to dim the father
parallel I got paperwork for it and
adidas say like all right okay cool we
cool would you do two shoes
so if you notice ever since then there's
never been a d dis easy clothing so when
I did so this happened right after the
fashion show in February I met with
Bernardo no in February we shook our
hands on the deal and then you know his
son called me and they said you know
it's dropped at the board we don't think
it's going to be profitable before we
run out of money they only wanted to you
you're making a new brand I know that
was a study talking but people need to
get higher ceilings the shit we got to
talk but this soon this is Diddy talk
you know me or no this is what Kylie be
talk about this is that you know so when
they pullin on the deal is I went into
season two we didn't have any production
partner and the collection never went to
market the first collection when adidas
had line ups and there was nothing to
fall back off on the second collection
mmm-hmm due to that negotiation so the
hurtful part of it was that's why okay
that makes it that's why you notice you
know clover yeah so the hurtful part was
they agreed to support my clothing and
guess who was one of my designers murder
Virgil then they didn't do the deal and
we're gonna have anything to do would
you say so Virgil didn't have anything
to do technically yeah I mean he was
doing all fight mm-hmm but you know at
that time we had our designers for
Virgil da Jerry fear God dem nah dem
lose a head of Lanciano
dem Noah's in the apartment it's me
Virgil
jerry in this apartment one by one
making season one I wore this big
sweatshirt that my sweatshirt I remember
you know some people say better men
right and then you know shortly after
it's not cuz I what sweatshirt either
but Troy after Timna went to Balenciaga
and now Virgil's you know at Louie
Vuitton so transitions in life you know
as a as a business owner
these things are hurtful you know when
you have like you're working with a
talent like dem nah you're working with
a talent like Virgil and you know
somebody comes through and says BAM I'm
gonna take Virgil I'm gonna take culture
explain to me this out a number of
fashion yeah so why would Virgil leave a
brand that seems to be successful
off-white it seems to be growing yeah
you know I mean why would you leave that
brand to go work for a Louis Vuitton a
brand that's already established like
why wouldn't you pool your resources and
try to make off light that next high-end
it's like taking the job as a president
mhm
you know oh you know Trump you see
Trump's name on all type of buildings
but he still took the job as president
you have like you know this
conversations about a creative director
role for me at adidas it's like okay I
got my brand is this billion-dollar
brand this unicorn company is growing
but to be able to go it'd be able to
direct adidas at all those stores is a
you know it's an another conversation
I'd be you know I'd be open to the
conversation of taking a job like that
how did that help Chicago though cuz I
you said you become president so now you
on this one that have all white growth
Amy hello yeah okay price off wait went
up soon as he went to Louie Vuitton Oh
yeah not the price with the value of it
the validation of it because Louboutin
Louboutin is the you know our man is
really the top luxury house where they
call luxury houses like anybody knows
about luxury anybody Bernard will say
Pervez it's the top luxury house
family-owned all that why do we always
need validation from white people rich
people because our Cape got taken away
when he's three years old we've broken
we in a simulation we want our BMW we
want our house that we want to pay all
our money for the house we want to buy
this dress for our wife we want to do
this one get our kids in school we want
we want this you know just championship
trophy we want this jewelry war all
these different things like people we
not monks we in the simulation we in it
you know said I can't talk nobody out of
wearing Gucci and you know this is me I
had to come out the other side of the
hospital and you know half like a
Russell sweatshirt on something like
that
that's me like people be calling me like
homeless all the time but like this is
my confidence where I don't wear
branding like that but worse than that I
but like I saw me a to so I can but
everyone like they have to have that
confidence like what I see when I see
branding I see insecurity you know I see
and I see people buying you know buying
security you know buying get back
through a brand you know protection of
badge don't don't mess with me at high
school I guess supreme or you know the
just to put the agenda for a second of
easy and of what we're doing out is our
mission and what we fought for is to be
able to take the best talents in the
world and you know land that price point
which we haven't done yet but that's
what's interesting about this interview
I like you get to see the steps you know
is that when you see early Jeff Bezos
you know there's gonna be Jeff Bezos you
know it's just like he's standing from a
warehouse but we're not interested in
the concept of high fat
you know the concept of luxury I'm
changing the idea of luxury I think
luxurious space
I think luxury is time as a luxury
friends are a luxury getting your vision
out is a luxury the ability to afford
something is the luxury not to not be
able to afford it to go in and be like
oh I can afford this that's the luxury
that's the yeah everybody fell in love
with though now yeah who was so human
and yeah who cared about things bigger
than brands no I hate you talk about
family night he talk about friends I
hate talking about time yeah those are
something we all have those are
valuables that we all possess regardless
of you know what our finances all mm-hmm
yeah and that's the thing that we had to
crack the COBE the reason why we went
into fashion wasn't to stay there or be
there just do you know cool high price
stuff it was actually to take the
incredible HSP highly sensitive people
that usually end up in a fashion house
and bring them to some place where they
could consistently connect with the
public
easy eventually will be you know closer
to like a relief company if there's like
a disaster we're gonna dress you know
we're gonna bring clothes and water you
know the same design perspective that
to give it and eventually that's who
we'll be you look up five ten years from
now and easy will be the biggest service
provider of apparel and one by one every
year we're going to take one two three
ten people that would have normally
ended up in a fashion house what Ann
went to Nike you wouldn't want other
places and we're going to Calabasas we
build in factories you know
I still you know I'm sitting there
listening you talking you know I feel
like Kanye from four years ago would
have taken the job at the fashion house
I don't feel like the Kanye I'm talking
to right now will take that job at the
fashion house I am in too good of a
position to take a job where I have to
be away for my wife and my son and my
daughters that just don't make no sense
for what family is your most important
currency I got a cousin that littered
the floor I flew flew out here I'm
trying to get as much family as close to
me as possible that's one of the reasons
why Kim won't end up in a hospital she
had a family close
you feel like you're in a position to
change things now which are like really
change things I always was you know it's
my place in the universe I've just been
distracted I've been distracted and
manipulated and I allow things that you
know my mama made me to never be
manipulated and gang stirred and pimped
and all that type of shit but somehow
stepping into the music industry it
happened you know like the music
industry is set up for you to have just
enough money to afford a car pay for
your kids a house and be on tour for the
rest of your life till you die in a
setup for you to literally go buy an
hour island like Phil Knight it ain't
set up for the artist the win it's like
boxing you know more more people end up
retarded than rich do you feel like when
you was in debt did that contribute to
your lack of confidence no I'm glad he
said it cuz that lets me that makes me
think like they have some money is what
made him feel confident nah that's why I
tweeted that because I knew I had to
power that's why I tweeted mark Mark
Zuckerberg and I tweeted the debt the
reason I treated to Mark Zuckerberg cuz
he wanted to meet with me and my hung
out with him a few times and I I got
respect for him
and but when I was talking about my
ideas there was really like not a lot of
follow-up to that and I always see these
uh these guys they'll go and support a
guy that's got like one idea that they
can capitalize off of and then you get a
guy that's proven and like done the
impossible and every single feel he's
ever put his mind to and I'm like yo
help me get a valuation right for my
company and it would be people who know
how to do that and I'm hanging with them
right and they don't show me how to do
that and it's like why are you keeping
me misinformed
I felt like learning the valuation of
just even the company or what I built
was like a slave getting a social
security number hmm it's like I got my
rights I know I'm worth this much and
everyone in Hollywood knows exactly who
yeh is every agent anybody they know
yeah is Jay in the hospital on stage
rent in debt or what a billion-dollar
company like the spirit is here and the
only thing that can hold me back is a
lack of information but information is
hard to define and you think it's secret
codes like even when jay-z gave a little
know that tweet it or were texting each
other like he's giving codes away he's
giving information but it's like yo this
is open source the basics yeah I like I
like it's cuz Elon Musk could be like yo
here's all my plans but he's the only
one I can pull it off I just you know we
work hard on that color palette right
now just tweeted it today like yo cuz
it's fire you know I'm saying I'm sure
there's gonna be some people that copy
it one by one that's great the idea is
out there hanging out with people and
you saying I want to do all these things
and it's just not taking you seriously
and it keeps you in a position to be you
know managed in a way so my my last and
final manager of Scooter Braun all right
I've had every manager she Roberson Jay
Brown is easy you just bought it what is
that about
I just can't be managed but was dope
about scooter dough at the end of the
day where you really got to give him his
props is one thing is he has a his
parents were adopted a black child his
brothers black so this is a Jewish guy
who understands business understands all
this but also understands how to
communicate you know on a personal level
what a black person like on a brother
level so me and scooter we just get on
the phone
and we talk to me for hours and that
information meant everything he was my
let me third person he was Calle OS
gateway drug to business because before
that it was always like you were artists
you a rapper we love you for the music
yeh don't don't think about nothing
think about business bah bah bah blah
and I would just you know the thing we
just talked about before we talked about
Obama and Trump in the other room we
talked about trust me like I would just
trust I trust the manager let them do
everything them handle everything let
them handle you know let them hire your
business manager or this and that you
get a manager or manager home manager
and then it becomes one big rocket where
it's like the tour guy is talking to the
label guy is talking to the manager is
talking to the guy that sold you the
house they talk to you provide and then
you're just trapped you you don't you're
not in control of your life anymore and
at that point you could be easily
manipulated you know a whole album what
Paul McCartney can end up becoming a
single for Rihanna because you know
you're trapped in this box of the idea
of your perception music industry this
that that so the funny thing I was I
know I want to say in this situation is
like Scooter Braun is Kanye West Kanye
West's gateway drug to business and
maybe the deaf of the music industry as
we know it really yeah why because
artists are businesses we're not just
artists artists shouldn't have managers
artists should have CEOs that's how I
feel I didn't put no thought in that you
know it's like you know says a lot of
people who's gonna have a problem with
that statement I'm gonna say how I feel
so that means okay how many kids are
going to business school right now
warden Harvard you think they like let's
take some I Travis Scott alright they
probably listen to his music boozy
somebody like that right how many Aziz
and Travis Scots are there and how many
business people are there right I'm
gonna think it's probably less Travis
gots an Uzi
then there are business people so
wouldn't you think a Travis Scott would
deserve the same amount of employees as
Dropbox in his first year so it's some
friend drew mm-hmm
just did with Dropbox but with artistry
and artists was the point where you IPO
everyone I want to talk to me about
getting out I'm out this to get out yeah
recognize artists as a business now now
we want a piece of all of their business
old slave shit so all this is yours yeah
and what you're gonna do with it I'm
gonna build five properties so it's my
first community I'm getting to
development I'm super anybody's ever
been to any of my cribs knows I'm super
into development homes it's just the
next frontier for me to the to develop
you can do the hiking Nikes is trash
behind but listen it's crazy though cuz
land you want to build a community on it
why does the Kanye West don't need
nobody should I go back when we was
talking about with Trump you need to
meet with Trump you you yeah you know
head of state of your own shit yeah I
feel that you know what
I love real change I love you no
challenge in the norm I love I love
people who don't love them I love the
fact that they speaking up and
everybody's just giving their opinions
and everybody's expressing themselves I
love I love that I've been waiting I
just like I've been waiting for this
moment in time it's just like a yay
moment in time and stuff for people you
know my dad is an activist and you know
my mom's activist recent marches and
stuff I feel like that energy all coming
to a head you know now I refuse to
believe that your mother would love
Donald Trump hmm I got differents
opinion for my mom
true true but what about when you see
like cuz you know that's watching this
right now and they're like yo you know
Donald Trump was getting our family
deported and you know like especially
you right now you've got this whole
economic empowerment thing going on but
you got a guy like him who's clearly
trying to marginalize and oppress people
people that look like you you don't want
to see people like you come up can you
still love a person like that
I know I don't have all the answers that
a celebrity's supposed to have but I
could tell you that
when he was running it's like I felt
something it's like the fact that he
want it's like it proves something it
proved that anything is possible in
America that Donald Trump could be
president of America I'm not talking
about you know what he's done since he's
been in office but the fact that he was
able to do it like remember I was gonna
run for president
I had people that was close to me
friends of mine like making jokes making
memes talking shit now it's like oh that
was proven did that could have happened
yeah so I get what you're saying
doctor not conventional you know me even
from what we're doing in fashion to me
being a kid with the pink polos to me
being outspoken to me being ostracized
because there's a Taylor Swift thing or
the George Bush thing or you know who
I'm dating who are marrying what I'm
talking about like all of this is like
an outsider thing you know so when I see
an outsider infiltrate I connect with
that so maybe I think you like the idea
yeah not necessarily
I do Donald Trump with the idea of an
outside of infiltrating yeah I liked it
it showed you that anything is possible
shows you that it doesn't even like
Virgil working at Louis Vuitton Trump
being an office it's a time for the
unconventional I'm very I'm not a
traditional think I'm a nonconformist
mm-hmm you know so that relates to the
nonconformist part of me now you know
but I'm also I'm a producer I like the
segue things I like to take ODIs chop it
up do it like this what so what's the a
version the a version to be the Trump
campaign and maybe the Bernie Sanders
principles that would be my mix and
stuff but I think both had you know you
know I need it you know I hit the glass
ceiling you ever seen a bird fly into a
window oh yeah they don't know it's
glass that was me when I hit the
hospital that was a bird flying into the
window and you know I could have you
know not made it out of it but I
survived and shit but it's um
are you scared of that happening again
you having a breakdown I'll break
through no no I'm happy it happened I'm
happy to see have gone to the other side
and back you know there's some fools
when it happened I do want us I want to
speak on I I want to point out the
moment when you're in the hospital bed
and you're next to your friend and you
tell them don't let this person leave my
side and they put you inside of an
elevator and take all your friends away
from you that was the scariest moment of
my life he was gonna drug you or kill
you I was gonna get killed and you know
my wife wasn't in town so I told my
mother wait Don I'm awake I like don't
leave my side until my wife gets here
and they have this moment where they're
forced to leave your side that's
something that has to change you know
it's like if a pregnant woman is you
know delivering a baby guarantee whoever
the people are sisters the dad they get
to stay next to them till the baby is
delivered not leaving my way from that
situation yeah HSP you you were paranoid
everything you don't believe nothing
you're just seeing through all of the
simulation
everybody's phony everybody's an actor
all the shit and then they make your
friends the only people you believe in
leave your side I can't express to you
like how traumatizing that moment is and
then you waked up drugged the fuck out
hmm so they put you on medication
yeah are you still on any now almost
definitely why were what they got you on
I'm gonna say does the medication help
you know I mean you you don't want to
tell us what to do but does it help
it's an imperfect solution just call me
down but there's a lot of ways to calm
down I don't want to call me yeah we're
gonna call me a fool Davey yeah yeah
would you feel like that takes a little
bit of your superpower weight off all
this power in being controlled and calm
you know x-men really understanding how
that really uses a power or Superman
that's me this is like what's the
Kryptonite it's gone I got the
confidence everything is possible
building acres raps stating of tours
designs companies ideas to ignite the
next generations like everything is
possible you know and I'm just a vessel
and that's my job in the universe as a
servant to the world I have to be me I'm
not as good of a servant if I'm that yay
you are you know almost definitely you
know you are yay and I mean like uh I
guess what I kept asking like well first
of all talk about something that I know
it's therapeutic for you music yeah I'm
looking at all of this this wild
outdoors this wilderness is that why you
went to Wyoming yeah you know for what
I'm doing and and I played you some of
the music and you see where I'm going
yeah I want to create music that's
therapeutic you know like I feel real
friends in the in the territory of what
we're creating do you feel like the
lifestyle of your you know your wife the
mother-in-law like that whole family do
you think that plays a role and in how
you were feeling like did it get to be
too much cuz you already a superstar but
then you take that superstar element in
adding that is just like when do you
have privacy
it seemed like paparazzi's always around
yeah paparazzi catch it
it can't stress you out but
it's all in the inner piece that you
could find you said you said you don't
trust people do you trust do you trust
your in-laws because they see you know
we look at the world and it seems like
everything's a storyline you trust that
they won't turn your life and what
you're going do it to a storyline and
you know of course I'm gonna give you a
slick answer on that because like right
now we writing part of the story just by
even doing this - speaking I like the
way that my wife communicates it
documents things you know as an artist
you know I think it's good to document
ourselves document on now see if we
could recognize ourselves again in a
different light and a different life
what would um what would what would
college dropout Kanye he was looking at
pictures of of Kanye now what would he
say
I think he'd be happy satisfied and he
would believe it you know if he was said
I wouldn't believe it I always believed
it I always know what it is you know
this documentation right now this is
college dropout yay we're standing on my
gonna be one of the biggest real estate
developers at all time like some what
Howard Hughes was two aircrafts and what
Henry Ford was two cars and just the
relationships that I have architects my
understanding of like space and sacred
proportions just as vibe this new vibe
this new energy like I'm tired of the
McMansions all the Spanish move homes
and stuff like that like that's shit
whack row like everybody house why it's
trash I don't go to the selfless is like
an hour back in or something it's like
the one of the few architects that I
like their homes I was gonna ask you
what's next
cuz yeah he's always predicted what what
he was gonna be so that's what that's
that's the goal yeah we're going to
develop cities




I can hold my liquor
But this man can’t handle his weed
Dark and lonely now
On Chicago, south of town
I'm on to Indiana
I heard it in the radio now
I can't handle no liquor
And these bitches can't handle me
I can't control my bitches
And my bitches they can't control me
You say you know me, my wishes
But you really just know the old me
Bitch, I'm back out my coma
Wakin' up on your sofa
When I park my Range Rover
Slightly scratch your Corolla
Okay, I smashed your Corolla
I'm hanging on a hangover
Five years we been over
Ask me why I came over
One more hit and I can own ya
"Baby girl, he's a loner"
"Baby girl, he's a loner"
Late-night organ donor
After that, he disown ya
After that he's just hopeless
Soul mates become soulless
"When it's over it's over"
And bitch, I'm back out my coma
She told the DJ pardon me, I need some Swishahouse
Color Changin' Click and, Boss Hogg and Wreckin' Yard in my life
(In my life, in my life, in my life) weeell
A Slow Loud And Bangin' c.d., some Screwed Up Click and
A little Sucka Free, cause that's what I need in my life
Yes it is, weell weell
She say she listens to my music, but she can't get into it
She don't like it regular speed, she like it when they screw it
What I'm fin to do is, call Ron and Watts on my phone
Tell em slow it down, so the ladies can get they grind on
Yellow red or brown tone, call me when your guy's gone
If you gotta shake that lick, them haters get they diet on
She's the type rich men, will give money for some action
Said she's light skinned and, and she'll strip for Andrew Jacksons
Gets excited when, she be jamming them F Actions
Turn the lights off then, and if you wanna get your grind on
Just go pick up that phone, then just get your dial on
Call me up I'll come over, and help you turn your smile on
She's calling me, on my phone
Telling me she's feeling freaky, her body's in need of me
Hopping in on my 4's, grabbing my
Chopped and screwed c.d., and my grey T-A-P-E
Y'all know, playas get chose
Color Changin' Click c.d., Michael Watts, OG Ron C
Even your neighbors knew, just what I came to do
They seen the navy blue, choking on things of two
They know it ain't your boo, they heard us banging Screw
Making the headboard bang, while I'm banging you
Giving you a work out, like a trainer
Hit it then I flip you over, to change the view
My sex is a weapon, that's aimed at you
Finish and reload, just like a gangbanger do
You little angel you, that's what your friends think
Cause they didn't see you, sipping on that red drink
Getting drunk, while I hit it on the sink
In the kitchen and I'm switching, I can hit it till the bed sink
You can lock the lock, I'm fin to rock the twat
I'm fin to give your friends, something new to talk about
Fin to give it to you shorty, you gon feel it in your body
Everytime Ron and Michael Watts, chop a spot
I ain't forgot about, the true DJ Screw
Cause if it wasn't for Screw, wouldn't be nothing to do
No claiming red, no claiming blue
It wouldn't be nothing to bang, while I'm banging you, jeah
(*talking*)
She said Koopa, I know you be checking these niggas
But can the ladies get a lil' love, yeah
I don't discriminate the race, pretty face pretty shape
Shaped like figure eight, she can get a little steak
We can end a date, like a episode of Ricki Lake
Call a couple of your friends, they could participate
Get on my three way, now what is the delay
I pull out the video cam, and show you the replay
I screw you real slow, like a H-Town DJ
We could jam Bun B, and that U to the G.K
And a little Sucka Free, ain't enough for me
Big M-O-E, gotta give me the whole S.U.C., they'll screw it
Money over B.I. to the T-H to the E-S
In the streets shake the peace, everybody respect the streets
Everybody'll shine, from the neck and teeth
Gotta give me the S.P.C., Trae and Dougie D
Free that nigga Z-Ro and that Pimp C, cause thay'll screw it
Girl I got you wet, girl I'll kiss your neck
And I know that the sex, sure to make you sweat
I show respect, to the Swisha vets
And the Screwed Up Click G's, get respect
Lil' O and C-N-O to the E, 'Face and Willie D
Big Pokey, Flip and E.S.G., they'll screw it
(*talking*)
Yeah, slow jam ain't a slow jam
Unless it's a screw jam
Can't listen to it, no other way
Gotta be screwed up
DJ Screw, rest in peace
Mix Tape Messiah
This is a story of a man, who has found the most unfunny shit ever, and now he’s mad, so now he’s gonna make a song
about it. Enjoy
It’s the yankee
Yankee with no brim
Brim with no yankee
No more brims for me
Brims all just for me
No more brims they’re not for me
I fell deep
You ain’t have to meet me
Open my eyes and I’ll see
Got no brims just like a father
Leave it up to you
Yankee shirt damped in water
I’ll leave it up to you
Let me discover
The yankee with no brim
This shit gonna ruin me
A new month, more shitty memes
Won’t stop, they keep coming
How much longer will I have to suffer cause of challenged teens?
If you’re listening to this you’re not funny
All this arguing make my stummy, hurt, pain, that’s all I feel now
People think they’re comedians, twitter retards got no obedience, make a funny tweet but forget the main ingredient, and that’s humor, cause you’re not funny a bit, so bow down to your king and suck my fat fucking dick
How many more times you gonna make retarded jokes that make no sense
How many more times you’ll try so hard to make amends
How many more times you’ll follow shitty unfunny trends
Wonder why you got no friends, your humor makes me wanna end it all, you got no balls, too scared to answer booty calls
Got more foes than friends
Need to be careful how I spend
My time with others, cause one day they’ll leave you for each other
Go do something productive, stop posting brims, you don’t know about them, I’ve been rocking yankees since 2010, you just follow trends
I’m chasing bags, you’re chasing retweets
Do whatever you need, just don’t worry about me
It’s the yankee
Yankee with no brim
Brim with no yankee
No more brims for me
Brims all just for me
No more brims they’re not for me
Unfunny
Got nothing to do with me
Open my eyes and I’ll see
Yankee shirt damped in water
Humor lift me up
Don’t let me drown
That’s the story of
This is a story of a man, who has found the most unfunny shit ever, and now he’s mad, so now he’s gonna make a song about it
What's it take to call your brother
Just to say you miss him and you wish you could spend time
What's so serious that you can't just pick up the phone
Let him know you love him
And that he's been on your mind
Tell him that you need your brother
Ask him how he's doing
And say you been doing fine
If it comes a point where you just don't know what to say
While you still have him on the line
Just say
We'll be, brothers forever
What happens to one of us, happens to us together
And we'll be, brothers forever
We'll be, brothers forever
We'll be, brothers forever
We'll be, brothers forever

We'll be, brothers forever
What happens to one of us, happens to us together
And we'll be, brothers forever
We'll be, brothers forever
We'll be, brothers forever
We'll be, brothers forever


Like you need to be loved
And I, hold you like you need to be hugged
And I'm, never letting you go 'cuz TRUST
You all I need in my life I ain't letting you go 'cuz I (love you)
And I'm letting it show for now ease your mind 'cuz in time we grow
Listen, if we right for one another we live
You wife unlike them other ones I've been with 'cuz I (I want to love you)
Anyway I can, show you it's not the scene everyday I can
I be that shoulder to lean, voice that you need
And I, give you things that one can only dream of
(Love you) from the bottom of my heart
I'm true, know what you need, I seen what you been through, what?
It's no stress, go 'head pack your stuff we on the trip just to show how much I

Every minute every hour
Of any day any place that you desire
I show you how it feel just to tan in Brazil or
Smoke out while we chill in the grill 'cuz I (love you)
For the fact I'm grown, I'm 24 need something I could come home to
Something to hold on to, for the rest of my life
And I can show you what it's like to be in Trini for a night 'cuz (I want to love you)
It's been a long way here, from plan to hallway
To bring us all way here
To the suites in L.A. or beach M-i-a or chill out pool
Shout out to crib where I lay 'cuz I (love you)
And everyday that pass we gotta live it to it's limit like we living our last
And we been broke before
It's from the bottom to the top
Wit' this love I never felt before know why?


Yo, yo, DJ Offbeat
Remember, I'm gone, up down under
I might trip
Yeah, um
She look, she look good as a motherfucker
But I can’t remember her name for nothing
Yo, you took down her number?
You wrote down number her, right?
I'm puttin' it
Dawg, I’ma just go ahead and call this girl
Hello, what's up? It's Kanye
Nah, it's really me
You know who I am?
I don't usually do this but
I'm only going to be in town for one night
I want to know if you want to come by the room or something
Would that be cool?
I'm thinking 'bout it right now, don’t worry
Ok, cool, cool
I’ll pick you up
Come around
Ok, let me, let me take your coat
Um, you think I'll get you a massage or something, at least?
Ok, what’s up?
Ok, ok, that felt good
What I'm trying to say, what I mean, what's up
What's up with me and you?
I’m saying, um
When we, uh
Wait a second, you can't do nothin'
It's that time of the month
Oh, man
Why you tell me?
I ain't saying that's all aboard, I'm just saying why you tellin' me
But we gotta figure out something
Uh, um, oh yes
Some hair will be perfect
And it feels like
But I still don't know your name
Round and round and round she goes, she be goin' close
I swear it felt like
Wooo, ooh, ooh
But I still don't know your name
Round and round and round she goes, she be goin' close
*Laughs* Yeah
This is straight fuckin violence music
(yeah, yeah, yeah)
I just gotta get fuckin' wild
Don't try me cause I might pop
Started from the bottom, now I'm on top
So it's no surprise my demise is on your knot
Park the Jaguar, so I don't get spotted
Cause I know the biddies in my city love to gossip
Try to talk to mama but she quotes the pastor
When you move cane like apples
You can't relate to those chapters
So I guess it doesn't matter when it's coming down
Bullets in the air, fold your circle round
They don't even care, they there to see you drown
They there to see you fall, they smile when you frown
So I guess I'm coming down like "nigga, don't try me"
Street hoes like Lindsay Lohan, don't high-five me
Zimmerman wanna box, I just do it like Nike
And a Nike hoodie with a box right beside me
Tell them stay up cause it can go down (7x)
I need you, I want you to
Come to me, ecstasy (uh)
Ecstasy, ecstasy, (uh) ecstasy (uh)
Ecstasy, ecstasy, (uh) ecstasy (uh)
Ecstasy, ecstasy, (uh) ecstasy (uh)
Ecstasy, ecstasy, (uh) ecstasy (uh)
Ecstasy—
I had a out-of-body off a half a Molly
At the afterparty, had to grab a shawty
She was in the corner all melancholy
We was both rollin' off the edamame
I feel the Devil on me, I feel the pressure on me
Yeah, I said it, call me up and met a zombie on
First the brain releases dopamines
Then you lose all control of things
I'm an addict myself, so I know a fiend
When I see one in Fashion Nova jeans
I'm in that euphoric psychedelic state
All I remember is an angelic face
I felt myself start to elevate to a place called
Ecstasy, ecstasy, (uh) ecstasy (uh)
Euphoria, it's four of ya
There's only two girls, feel like it's four of ya
Before you take this journey, here's a tutorial
Take the Adderall with the Xans, that's the morsecode
She took two and some coke, that's an Oreo
You don't remember shit, that's how the story goes
Comin' down, you gon' feel horrible
Just make sure you drink a lot of water, though
Now you startin' to feel the side effects
Like you ain't had the right type of rest
When you grind your teeth and get out of breath
I suggest you take a seat 'cause you high as hell
But don't trip, you fully functional
You just feelin' comfortable
Stop at Walgreens, get a lunchable
You spent all your money on
Ecstasy, ecstasy, (uh) ecstasy (uh)
Ecstasy, ecstasy, (uh) ecstasy (uh)
Ecstasy, ecstasy, (uh) ecstasy (uh)
Ecstasy, ecstasy, (uh) ecstasy (uh)
Ecstasy—

Trying to sneak upstairs to your apartment
Aren't you a sight for red eyes
I just flew in and slipped in on your left side
Just a satin gown, you asleep with no make-up
I'm just tryna be inside you 'fore you wake up

We had problems but it's all in the past
Everybody got problems baby, algebra class
Remember I used to do things that'd make you laugh
Like orderin' a girl drink in a masculine glass
You like piña coladas, getting caught in the rain
Or rocking flannels all summer like Kurt Cobain
Or that Dolce Gabbana with a few gold chains
And you the type of girl that probably deserve a new last name
But, they never let us do our thing
Everybody lying on who I bang
We was on fire but they blew our flame
Ain't no denying baby you have changed
Cause now your high heels clicking, your lip gloss glisten
Your hips start switching, you're pissed off, tripping
Cause even when we're kissing baby girl feel different
Friends all diss him like, "No he didn't?
No he didn't, is you talking about Kitten?
Is that bitch still stripping?
Trying to get a pair of Christians?"
I swear to God that they got you going crazy
But you play it off and say, "How is work baby?"
Well some of the models is too coked up to walk straight
But seem to still love the man that they all hate
But babe I call you back and say that you say that always
And kept me on the phone and demanded they all wait
See, she knew about all my lies the whole time
And my credit's so bad I can't get no one to cosign
I would've thought she would've bust in the door cryin'
But she upped and left a nigga and she ain't give me no sign
Now, she back in the club in a tight dress
With dreams of someday wearing a white dress
Seen with some lame, it's a miracle that she'd
Talk to a nigga with a ten-year ago swag
Plus I don't like none of her girlfriends
Quote unquote, "Cause her girlfriends got girlfriends."
On the phone, hollin' that "niggas is whatever"
Let's fly to Euro and make this the best summer ever
Now she heading to Rome, Rome is the home
Rome is where she act like she ain't got no fucking phone
I accept that I was wrong, except a nigga grown
So I can't bitch and moan, in a session gettin' stoned
So a nigga had to hop on a plane
A bus and a train, to try to come and talk and explain
Rented the whole bottom floor for a candlelight dinner
Turned the lights out and put my candle right in her
And told her, "Even though I met you in a club in a tight dress
At first sight I could picture you in a white dress."
Thirty foot train, diamond from Lorraine
Just to make up for all the years and the pain
Family on both sides, I'm so glad you came
Aunty couldn't make it, oh no that's a shame
Wedding in June, what could be better?
Let's fly to Euro, make this the best summer ever
Take the very last car of the Eurostar
Tell the conductor, "Just drive so far."
Told some of your friends and they wasn't excited
Well we gon' tour the countryside and they won't be invited
We will not be disturbed by the fussin' and fighting
Tell Peaches light the herb cause we just reunited
Let's make a move from these herds, go somewhere in private
I'm talking just me and you and the plane and the pilot

Yeah, what up? It's Phonte, Phontigga
I gotta take time to address 'em
Kanye, I know you understand where I'm comin from baby
Uh, all you non-believing motherfuckers - this is for y'all

Yo, let me get into it
Stop all the fame and applause
And name callin at them famous award shows
Nigga that's just brainless and Lord knows
What would happen if I wasn't rappin for them lost souls
Who feel that Hip Hop's at the crossroads
And miss that type of shit that they can feel in they torsos
I wish this shit was easy, oh not so
Even the road less travelled is littered with potholes
And booby traps, 'Te is more than hot flows and booty raps
But, niggas who missed their shot can't seem to handle that
So, they hate on us like Soviets
But we keep them niggas in check like Wachovia
And it ain't over yet
Cause hater niggas marry hater bitches and y'all know the rest
Yes... stop your crying baby

You know the feelin when your hard workin
Hustlin pays off (pays off), pays off (pays off)
And you can finally get all your credit cards paid off (paid off), paid off
Nigga they got hate for that, lately I've been takin my time
Tryna sit back and chill, get away from the grind
For the sake of my rhymes, and the sake of my flows
Got your girl in here naked steady touchin her toes
Like them porno hoes, what would you do for a threesome?
I mean a Halle Berry, Sanaa Lathan and Free-some
Oooh they have love for that
They might show up raw dog with no glove for that
'Te, your check'll be there on Monday
Three months later, your check'll be there on Monday
That shit ain't funny, I ain't no dummy
Fuckin with my money, do I need to call my niggas Big Dho or Dunny?
I know y'all hatin and I hope y'all hear this
I don't give a goddamn, y'all can just keep starin
Yeah, uh

At last I am free
(So lost, know what I'm sayin')
I can hardly see in front of me
(I'm tryin' to get to the top)
I can hardly see in front of me
(I just need some sorta direction baby you know what I'm sayin')
At last I am free
(Yup, feel like I'm goin' in circles right now)
I can hardly see in front of me
(Lord help me)
I can hardly see in front of me
I'm feelin' like I'm losin' my mind, I'm walkin' blind
I'm just rollin' no destination no point or time
I'm lost, tryna find out which way is up
And get what I can get before my days is up
My life was rough, but fuck it shit it could've been worse
I'm free, when I could be in jail or a hearse
Most folks look at my lifestyle and say that I'm blessed
They see my smiles they don't see all the heartache and the stress
They don't see our hoes and foes pretend to be your friend
They love you and down for you 'til your cash flow in
When shit switch they split quick to treat you like a stranger
Then your hangin' like a hanger and give you the middle finger
Like you done somethin' wrong cause you don't provide 'em with drugs
Or do the shit you used to do like payday weigh in the club
I'mma show y'all some love if you don't love me
It's fair exchange or nothin' ain't no robberies
I'm so lost
At last I am free
I can hardly see in front of me
I can hardly see in front of me
(I'm so lost)
At last I am free
I can hardly see in front of me
I can hardly see in front of me
I saw it a million times niggas balled and fall
I witness boys on they feet kneeled down and crawl
I know nothin' lasts forever everything must end
Losers live for the day and the future planners win
But at the same time, niggas grind and shine
We live in danger who's to say tomorrow we won't be dyin'
What's the use of workin' hard if you can't display
What's the use of bein' a baller if you can't go play
It's a lotta ups and downs, smiles and frowns
One day you're here the next day you're gone
I used to dream of gettin' money rockin' diamonds that blind
Nowadays I wish and pray, for a peace of mind
I was safer when I was broke I had to dodge less snakes
When you got some, you don't know who's real or fake
Every day my heart aches from the drama that unfolds
This world cold, I'm tryna find my soul
I'm so lost
I'm tryna stay focused, keep both eyes open
Stay on top before my career starts slopin'
Ain't no time for jokin' no time for chokin'
They wanna see me broken I know what they hopin'
Writin' rhymes 'til my pen starts smokin'
Makin' sure hot lines are spoken I got the token
To the game, and it's my job to claim
The fortune and the fame that the industry bring
It's simple and plain, those that work hard share profit
Nobody can stop it you can't stop 'til you got it
I'mma do what I wanna do, live like I wanna live
Spend what I wanna spend yield what I wanna yield
That's how it is I'm controllin' my fate
And shinin' on those who hate to see me live great
I'm snatchin' my plate, takin' my steak and eatin' good
I suggest you do the same and get the fuck out the hood
I'm so lost





My mama was raised in the era when
Clean water was only served to the fairer skin
Doin' clothes, you woulda thought I had help
But they wasn't satisfied unless I picked the cotton myself
You see it's broke nigga racism
That's that "Don't touch anything in the store"
And it's rich nigga racism
That's that "Come in, please buy more"
"What you want, a Bentley? Fur coat? A diamond chain?
All you blacks want all the same things"
Used to only be niggas, now everybody playin'
Spendin' everything on Alexander Wang
New slaves
You see it's leaders and it's followers
But I'd rather be a dick than a swallower
You see it's leaders and it's followers
But I'd rather be a dick than a swallower
I throw these Maybach keys
I wear my heart on the sleeve
I know that we the new slaves
I see the blood on the leaves
I see the blood on the leaves
I see the blood on the leaves
I know that we the new slaves
I see the blood on the leaves
I throw these Maybach keys
I throw these Maybach keys
Fuck you and your corporation
Y'all niggas can't control me
I know that we the new slaves
I know that we the new slaves
I see the blood on the leaves
I know that pumpin' ain't free
I know that pussy ain't free
You niggas pussy, ain't me
I know that pussy, I don't need
I got that bump you gon' need
I throw these Maybach keys
I see the blood on the leaves
I know that we the new slaves
Y'all niggas can't fuck with me
Y'all niggas can't fuck with 'Ye
Y'all niggas can't fuck with 'Ye
I get something drom my crib but nigga I won't bump the state
And fuck your stores and your employers
I'm good for grabs for all the reporters
None of them thump, all recorders
I ball with something with thump
I see they coming down my block and I'm struggling to get it done
I'll be calling out my prison sentence like a knock odd black D
All of y'all motherfuckers basic
I got that bump-bump places
Go stop, nothing for the kids
Ain't no more, nothing for the gangsters
Fuck you and your Hampton house
I'll fuck your Hampton spouse
I got that damn near snout
I got that damn near clout
I'm out those milestones now
We bout to bounce back now
I got that motherfucking wet
Now what the fuck they gon' say now?
I can't wait to long, no, can't wait to long
So long,so long, so long
Can't wait for-for you
Can't let you go, I can't walk away
I keep breathin', I can't miss you
I don't know but I won't be without you
I can't wait to long, no, can't wait to long
So long,so long, so long
Can't wait for-for you
Can't let you go, I can't walk away
I keep breathin', I can't miss you
I don't know but I won't be without you
Too high again, too high, ooh hoo-hoo-hoo, woo
Yeah, h-h-h-high, h-high-high, high-high high-igh-high-high
H-high-igh, yeah, high, high-igh
Ahaha
Every knee shall bow
Every tongue confess
Jesus is Lord, ooh-oh-ooh
Jesus is Lord
Every knee shall bow
Every tongue confess
Jesus is Lord
Jesus is Lord
Every knee shall bow
Every tongue confess
Jesus is Lord
Jesus is Lord
Every knee shall bow
Every tongue confess
Jesus is Lord
Jesus is Lord
Every knee shall bow
Every knee shall bow
Every tongue confess
Every tongue confess
Jesus is Lord
Jesus is Lord
Jesus is Lord
Jesus is Lord
Here we go again
People talkin' shit, but when shit hit the fan
Everything I'm not made me everything I am
Here we go again
People talkin' shit, but when shit hit the fan
Everything I'm not made me everything I am
I'll never be picture perfect Beyoncé
Be light as Al B. or black as Chauncey
Remember him from Blackstreet?
He was as black as the street was
I never be as laid back as this beat was
I never could see why people'd reach a
Fake ass facade that they couldn't keep up
You see how I creeped up?
You see how I played the big role in Chicago like Queen Latifah?
I'd never rock a mink coat in the summertime like Killa Cam
Or rock some mink boots in the wintertime like will.i.am
Let me know if you feel it, man
Cause everything I'm not made me everything I am
Damn, here we go again
People not sayin' what's not for him
But everything I'm not made me everything I am
Damn, here we go again
People talkin' shit, but when shit hit the fan
Everything I'm not made me everything I am
And I'm back to tear it up
Haters, start your engines, I hear 'em gearin' up
People talk so much shit about me at barbershops
They forget to get they hair cut
Okay, fair enough, the streets is flarin' up
Cause they want gun talk or I don't wear enough
Baggy clothes, Reeboks or Adidos
Can they add that he just spazzed out at that show?
So say goodbye to the NAACP award
Goodbye to the India.Arie award
They'd rather give me the Ni-Nigga Please award
But I'll just take the I Got A Lot of Cheese award
Damn, here we go again
People talkin' shit, but when shit hit the fan
Everything I'm not made me everything I am
Damn, here we go again
Everybody talkin', but when it hit the fan
Everything I'm not made me everything I am
Keep the pianos goin', goin', goin', goin', goin'
And I'll keep flowin', flowin'
I got to keep it goin', goin', goin'
And I'm a keep flowin', flowin'
And I'll keep flowin', flowin'
And I'll keep flowin', flowin', flowin'
When I wrote this dope shit, what I noticed was so bogus
A lot of people talk about you when you growin' up
But you got to stay focused
People who was number one in school end up like smokers
People you talk the most about
No doubt, sometimes end up the dopest
Anybody know they can't touch the way I flow
I guess it was the way I run from school to school
And sometimes wasn't treaten cool and broke all the rules
And always ended up in the office like Michael Scott
Now I got rings like Michael got
That's Jordan, let me tell you somethin' more important
You think I wrote this, no, it just comes off the top of my
Whatever topic I
Stop it, I'm probably the best out, Mr. West out
Yo, don't nobody want to bout
I knock people out in the first round. the first down
Hear the touchdown, y'all don't even want to clown
With the red shoes on just to let you know I'm freestylin'
Yes, ill, I'm wilin'
I see you, uh, at the mall to show this is my mornin' flow
So imagine my midnight sight when I ignite lyrically
I just might, everybody just bite
When I wrote this, I was picturin' a little girl in high school
With people pickin' on her, tellin' her what she not
Then she'd grow up to be model, so they'll be hot
And everything she not made her slam it
Everything she not made it everything she am
That's incorrect English, but I'm way too distinguished
Can understand this, I rock the planets
Cameras be candid, on, I was lookin' at my prior image
My wire image, this week has been a bad massage
I need a happy endin', get it?
Damn, damn, here we go again
People talkin' shit, but when the shit hit the fan
Everything I'm not made me everything I am
And I'm a keep goin', goin', goin'
And I'm a keep flowin', flowin', flowin'
And you just keep goin', goin', goin'
And I'm a keep flowin', flowin', flowin'
Now when they get hard, I need you to keep goin', goin', goin'
And I'm a keep flowin', flowin', flowin'
And one day you gon' show them, show them, show them
And one day you gon' show them, show them, show them
Yo, You better watch your back out here boy
You never know who's gonna get chu
It could be someone in your face everyday
You know what I'm Sayin'
Smilin' and Grinnin'
You know what I'm sayin'
Word Up
You All Alone, You All Alone
You All Alone in these streets
You All Alone, You All Alone
You All Alone in these streets
You All Alone, You All Alone
Betta keep ya eyes open and ya hand on the chrome
Nigga crazy cat about to blow dis, Get rich and stay lowest
Laid in the cut but ya'll bitches still know this
When it comes to chips, you know my niggas stay focused
What I mean, We gotta eat, Ain't nuthin' sweat with that broke shit
Gotta stack it all now, So we can creep
Blowin' smoke out the door now, Boat by the shore now
I'd rather use my mind first, Instead of slugs
Hittin' niggas when the nine burst, Nine bodies and nine hearse
Nine funerals all held in the same church
Thinkin' it's gonna get better but dog it only get worse
Never seen success in my life, son that shit hurt
Possessed by the demons at night, Shit I've been cursed
For all my niggas holdin' it down, Smokin' the pund
Keep ya gun close and keep low to the ground
There is a lotta unfamiliar faces roamin' around
And I won't be satisfied until they low underground
You All Alone, You All Alone
Betta keep ya eyes open and ya hand on the chrome
You All Alone, You All Alone
You All Alone in these streets
You All Alone, You All Alone
You All Alone in these streets
You All Alone, You All Alone
Betta keep ya eyes open and ya hand on the chrome
Everymorning I, Start my day off B, All Alone
Sometimes I feel like it's just me and the weed, just me and my seed
Can't even trust my Manz Lord, Whats the plans Lord
I'm in Need, Can't go back to makin' niggas bleed
Or back up north, Or back and forth
No Time for slackin' off, seen the Devil in my dreams
Gotta back him off
He makes me do things, Rude Things, Editorial Slangz, like Wu-Tang
And wild mood swings like catchin' a stick, or slappin' my bitch
Got me ready to flip on her, smelled dick on her
Cause I'm broke she found the next cat to trick on her
Not to mention, I heard it through the great vine
Niggas is after me, Thinkin' of blastin' me
Haterz speakin' all my name in Blasphemy
Gotta pack a gat now, Oh It's like that now
You copped P, You wanna strap now, it's bein' black now
You All Alone so whatcha Back Now
You All Alone, You All Alone
You All Alone in these streets
You All Alone, You All Alone
You All Alone in these streets
You All Alone, You All Alone
Betta keep ya eyes open and ya hand on the chrome
Niggas better pay attention cuz the street got eyes
I'll be flippin' on your fam, and defeatin' your guys
You can't see the enemy, They dun bleached ya eyes
Reached yo pies, Touched you when you creeped on by
Niggas know around the corner is the seat that lies
Never go that route, why, cause we too wise
Brooklyn-I, 420 or 325, SLE, A-Class, What we tryin' to drive
Niggas strive for a mil, I want four point five
If you ride like I'm real than you walk them lines
New York Unkind, The fake niggas go and tell the jake niggas
Hit you for your do, and leave you in the lake nigga
You all alone in the streets, Better keep ya eyes open for these creeps
Thuggin', Sunk low in the Jeep Truck, and release slugs
Police Duckin', Lift you off your feet for frontin'
Jus peep streets is deep, End of Discussion
You All Alone, You All Alone
You All Alone in these streets
You All Alone, You All Alone
You All Alone in these streets
You All Alone, You All Alone
Betta keep ya eyes open and ya hand on the chrome
97th dash 37th Ave. The corner of Queens, New York. Born 368
Leftrak City. That's where I'm from. HEY! HEY! Oh oh!
Boola feel the beat. It's incredible. On the boards!
Aye yo big face yams. What up what up
Bring it back, bring it back to N.O.R.E. huh huh
Shit, ski mask, black on
Baseball bat strong
Slap a nigga, Warren Sapp style
Get my sack on
Offense, defense
Voice box secrets
Till a nigga diarrhea, shit dollars and pee cents
I've been always, on my grind
Nickname; Poppi, Jose, Slime
You've been hatin' from the sidelines
Very low
You've been hatin' when you hear me on the stereo
See me in a video
Same as in person
See me in the hood
No crew, one person
And I ain't gonna starve on this motherfuckin' planet
Till the whole world is talkin' about the kid like I'm Janet
Without a record out
Shit go down don't it?
What ever go up, it gotta go down don't it?
Martha Stewart guilty
While I was in that same court house
Same Feds try to do me
Feel my Shinobi sword
And you should know me Lord
Never back down, I back down
Niggas, you should know me Lord
Cowards fall on me
I can see them fallin' now
Raising your angles, write rhymes, pourin' out
Uplift with a curse and a gift
Rap for life
Read scripts
Load my clips
And Noreys still doin' my thing
Knock niggas out that's bigger than Yao Ming
I was innocent
Campin' in a tentament post
My coat cinnamon
Cooked it like beef that roast
I told shorty, get your talkin' on
You can't sell crack with your Walkman on
An ex-work hustla
I use to extort in an Escort, land to discover ah
Quick to move another place
Lawyer beat another case
Got Bruce off so he break yous all
Militainment and I'm Coups with the roofs off
We load from the dick
So off they radar
I just bought an AR
AK to spray y'all
Eat food, man I never stops
Whether you down with Militainment or not
I be forever
My father was a black panther
My father who ain't in heaven
My momma was raised in the era when
Clean water was only served to the fairer skin
Doin' clothes you would have thought I had help
But they wasn't satisfied unless I picked the cotton myself
You see it's broke nigga racism
That's that "Don't touch anything in the store"
And it's rich nigga racism
That's that "Come in, please buy more"
"What you want, a Bentley? Fur coat? A diamond chain?
All you blacks want all the same things"
Used to only be niggas, now everybody playin'
Spendin' everything on Alexander Wang
New Slaves
You see there's leaders and there's followers
But I'd rather be a dick than a swallower
I throw these Maybach keys
I wear my heart on the sleeve
I know that we the new slaves
I see the blood on the leaves
I see the blood on the leaves
I see the blood on the leaves
I know that we the new slaves
I see the blood on the leaves
They throwin' hate at me
Want me to stay at ease
Fuck you and your corporation
Y'all niggas can't control me
I know that we the new slaves
I know that we the new slaves
I'm 'bout to wild the fuck out
I'm goin' Bobby Boucher
They throwin' pussy at me
I know that pussy ain't free
I know that pussy ain't free
New slaves
And your brand new car
New slaves
With your brand new job
Its still a new slave
No matter who you are
You see there's leaders and there's followers
But I'd rather be a dick than a swallower
I won't end this high, not this time again
So long, so long, so long, you cannot survive
And I'm not dyin', and I can't lose
I can't lose, no, I can't lose
Cause I can't leave it to you
So let's get too high, get too high again
(Too high again, too high)
Egyszer a Nap úgy elfáradt
Elaludt mély zöld tó ölén
Az embereknek fájt a sötét
Ő megsajnált, eljött közénk
This is a story about uh ballers and players the same shit but uh
It's kinda like it's saying if you a true player you can't count that
You know what I'm saying
Sometimes you gottta take it as a loss player
That's right Consequence and uh I go by the name of uh Kanye to the
You might of heard of me but uh listen for a minute we finna' break it down right here right now

And um she not the type that be getting the tat
She getting the lac
And figure shes getting the stacks
Figuring that we run clean like hoes and me
Now ride up and down like coasters be










Yeah. Kanye To The...The Roc is in the building
My nigga Usher called me, said a chick caught him and she bawling, crying
Said she got his baby and he say she lying
But he can't deny it, he went raw dawg
Aw nah, hell nah
You don' up and done it man
I remember ol' girl, yep
Met her on tour
I seen your baby, he dance good as hell...it's yours!
You don't realize, you just made a ghetto girl's dreams
She don't need a ring cause she got you till he 18
And I know you want to know, was there room in them jeans
And you get ass so I won't assume you was fiendin'
But these girls is genius's, we thinking with our penis's
In my opinion, that's when they take us to the cleaners






Shit could get menacin', frightenin', find help
Sometimes I scare myself, myself
Shit could get menacin', frightenin', find help
Sometimes I scare, myself, myself
Tweakin', tweakin' off that TCB, huh
Is he gon' make it? TBD, huh
They tryna make me run; DMC, huh
I done died and lived again on DMT, huh
See, this the type of high that won't come down
This the type of high that get you gunned down
Yeezy, Yeezy trollin' low-key, huh
Turn TMZ to Smack DVD, huh
Russell Simmons wanna pray for me too
I'ma pray for him 'cause he got MeToo'd
Thinkin' what if that happened to me too
Then I'm on E! News
Shit could get menacin', frightenin', find help
Sometimes I scare myself, myself
Shit could get menacin', frightenin', find help
Sometimes I scare myself, myself
Ayy, hospital bed a hundred bands, fuck a watch
Hundred grand'll make your best friends turn to opps
Everybody bringin' my name up a lot
I guess I just turned the clout game up a notch
See, y'all really shocked, but I'm really not
You know how many hoes I took to the titty shop?
If she get the ass with it, that's a 50-pop
I still bring the baddest bitches in the city out
Just a different kind of leader
We could be in North Korea, I could smoke 'em, Wiz Khalifa, ugh
Told my wife I've never seen her
Once I hit it, bye Felicia, that's the way that I'ma leave it up
Shit could get menacin', frightenin', find help
See, this is why all the bitches fuck with Ye!
Fuck what they talking 'bout!
Sometimes, I scare myself, myself
They take me on meds, off meds—ask yourself
Shit could get menacin', frightenin', find help
Ask your homegirl right now, "Look, you had a shot at Ye?"
Sometimes, I scare myself, myself
You'd drop everything! This why, this why
Tweakin', tweakin' off that 2C-B, huh
This is why your bitches fuck with me, huh
Wake up, she gon' end up on TV, huh
She gon' want that thing, won't fuck for free, huh
Someone gonna sign up for that lease, huh
She gon' have the son for deans now
Forward looking, she out at me, huh
Thought they wouldn't make it like their memes, huh
Faces I be making like a memes, huh
She want her shorty to be a meme now
I'ma give them something they can see now
Man, this ain't as bad as it seems, now
Man, it ain't as bad as it seems, huh
They wan happen to me, now
Brother, I been this way since I was knee high
Going Tom Cruise and Charlie Sheen now
My parents said I was a mistake, and a disgrace
Rake rake, fake watch, that's a wrist-grace
When people come at me a certain type of way, uh, I forget them for
They base their opinions merely on what they were taught
You know, what they were given, what their parents taught them
You hear that? When you see this ain't, that- that's not nothing
They will never be anything and you know, I'm a pretty good dartboard 'cause I can take it
I'm a easy target, 'cause I don't fit in
I think through the gate, you know
From The College Dropout when I was the only person with a polo in the midst of a whole bunch of jerseys
That I was the, the difference
And I realized that I'm not just fighting a battle just for myself, but for a generation
You know, a generation fighting against the false information of the media
And the perceptions that people create in the matrix that society creates in the lies that people tell, and the-
And the laughs and the jokes that people tell all the way back in a high school lunch room
All the way to when you know, you're older, and anyone that decides to walk their own path as ostracize
And um, you know, you have to be stronger in that situation and that's- that's one of my main goals that they don't kill me can only can only make me stronger
Let's get lost tonight
You could be my black Kate Moss tonight
Play secretary, I'm the boss tonight
And you don't give a fuck what they all say, right?
Awesome, the Christian in Christian Dior
Damn, they don't make 'em like this anymore
I ask, ‘cause I'm not sure
Do anybody make real shit anymore?
Bow in the presence of greatness
‘Cause right now thou hast forsaken us
You should be honored by my lateness
That I would even show up to this fake shit
So go ahead, go nuts, go apeshit
'Specially in my Pastellé, on my Bape shit
Act like you can't tell who made this
New Gospel, homie, take six
And take this, haters!
N-now th-that that don't kill me
Can only make me stronger
I need you to hurry up now
‘Cause I can't wait much longer
I know I got to be right now
‘Cause I can't get much wronger
Is this what you've been waiting for?!
Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger
More than ever, hour after hour
Work–
I don't know if you got a man or not
If you made plans or not
If God put me in your plans or not
I'm trippin', this drink got me saying a lot
But I know that God put you in front of me
So how the hell could you front on me?
There's a thousand you's, there's only one of me
I'm trippin', I'm caught up in the moment, right?
‘Cause it's Louis Vuitton Don night
So we gon' do everything that Kan like
Heard they'd do anything for a Klondike
Well, I'd do anything for a blonde dyke
And she'll do anything for the limelight
And we'll do anything when the time's right
Uh, baby, you're makin' it
Uh, baby, you're makin' it
N-now th-that that don't kill me
Can only make me stronger
I need you to hurry up now
‘Cause I can't wait much longer
I know I got to be right now
‘Cause I can't get much wronger
Man, I've been waiting all night now
Is this what you've been waiting for?!
Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger
(I need you right now!)
More than ever, hour after hour
Work–
(I need you right now!)
Go to the drums, go to the drums
You know how long I've been on ya
Since Prince was on Apollonia
Since O.J. had Isotoners
Don't act like I never told ya
You know how long I've been on ya
Since Prince was on Apollonia
Since O.J. had Isotoners
Don't act like I never told ya
Don't act like I never told ya
Don't act like I never told ya
Don't act like I never told ya
Now if the Roc is in the buildin', say, "Hell yeah" (Hell yeah)
Throw your diamonds in the air
If the Roc is in the buildin', say, "Hell yeah" (Hell yeah)
Throw your diamonds in the air
If the Roc is in the buildin', say, "Hell yeah" (Hell yeah)
Throw your diamonds in the air
If the Roc is in the buildin', say, "Hell yeah" (Hell yeah)
Throw your diamonds in the air, keep your diamonds in the air
Your diamonds in the air, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah-yeah

I drink a Boost for breakfast, an Ensure for dessert
Somebody ordered pancakes, I just sip the sizzurp
That right there could drive a sane man berserk
Not to worry, Mr. H-to-the-Izzo's back to wizz-ork
How do you console my mom or give her light support
Tellin' her her son's on life support?
And just imagine how my girl feel
On the plane scared as hell that her guy look like Emmett Till
She was with me before the deal, she tryna be mine
She a Delta, so she'd been throwin' that Dynasty sign
No use in me tryna be lyin', I been tryna be signed
Tryin' to be a millionaire, how I used two lifelines
In the same hospital where Biggie Smalls died
The doctor said I had blood clots, but I ain't Jamaican, man
Story on MTV and I ain't tryna make a band
I swear, this right here, history in the makin', man

Yeah, through the limits, to the wall
If y'all know this, sing along with it
What? I hear you, I hear you, I hear you
Through the– uh, through whatever, come
I can't hit that note either, fam
Yeah
Uh, uh, question
What if somebody from the Chi' that was ill got a deal
On the hottest rap label around?
But he wasn't talkin' 'bout coke and birds
It's more like spoken word, 'cept he's really puttin' it down?
And he explained the story 'bout how Blacks came from glory
And what we need to do in the game
Good dude, bad night, right place, wrong time
In the blink of a eye, his whole life changed
If y'all could feel how my face felt
You would know how Mase felt
Thank God I ain't too cool for the safe belt
I swear to God, driver two wanna sue
There's a lawyer for the case to keep what's in my safe safe
My dawgs couldn't tell if I…
I looked like Tom Cruise on Vanilla Sky, it was televised
It's been an accident like GEICO
Y'all thought I was burnt up like Pepsi did Michael
I must got a angel, ‘cause look how death missed his ass
Unbreakable, what, you thought they'd call me Mr. Glass?
I look back on my life like the Ghost of Christmas Past
Toys "R" Us where I used to spend that Christmas cash
And I still won't grow up, I'm a grown-ass kid
Swear I should be locked up for stupid shit that I did
But I'm a champion, so we turned tragedy to triumph
Make music that's fire, spit my soul through the wire

Yeah, say, "Hell yeah" (Hell yeah)
Now throw your diamonds in the air
If the Roc is in the buildin', say, "Hell yeah" (Hell yeah)
Keep your diamonds in the air
If the Roc is in the buildin', say, "Hell yeah" (Hell yeah)
Now keep your diamonds in the air
If the Roc is in the buildin', say, "Hell yeah" (Hell yeah)
Keep your diamonds in the air, keep your diamonds in the air
Your diamonds in the air, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah
Yap, yap, yap
I use your face as a urinal, then do the same at your funeral
Piss on your grave, piss on your grave, piss on your grave
Piss on your grave, piss on your grave, piss on your grave
This one here for the executives, fuck you and all your relatives
Piss on your grave, piss on your grave, piss on your grave
Piss on your grave, piss on your grave
Nigga behave

Then the commas, the commas
And her son had started drama
Had these independent bitches
Been up poppin', last a minute
Had a lot of all us in it, feel it
My, my, my, my, sippin', mixin' hypnotize
Piss in your grave, piss in your grave, piss in your grave
Turn this up, teacher
Play this in the third grade, in the third grade
This one right here for the kids at the grade
In the third grave
How come you want it? Can't fuck with the bitch
This one ain't fair, this one for family
This one the damn, this one I thank
That's when thought it was safe and it wasn't
Pointer me, Allah, some on your water
I'm callin' your mada, call on the collar
The problem I have with the paparazzi is if they’re right in front of you and you’re like, “Can you please not take a picture of me?” And they’re like, “Dude I’m not really taking a picture,” and they just keep on doing it like they’re talking to me like I’m stupid and stuff, and then, with arm sprints, I’m going to grab the camera, that just happens, and you don’t expect that to happen with a celebrity, cause you think they’re like a museum animal and stuff, but it’s like, don’t shoot the animals, then, maybe, I don’t know.
What’s interesting, though, the problem is that once you do something like that, the word’s out. And these guys know that a shot of you losing your temper is worth ten times more then a shot of you remaining calm. So it’s kind of a no-win situation a little bit.
Well except for the fact that I’m going to do something about it. You know, I’m going to make a change. I think it’s my responsibility. My mom, she got arrested for being in the sit-ins at age 6. My grandfather drove the first car at the marches leaving out of Oklahoma. My father was an activist, so I think they just like, messed with the wrong celebrity just now.
Right. Okay so you’re letting them know, leave me alone.





It's ya boy Kanye to The
The Roc is in the building right now
We smoked out
And I don't even talk like that
Now if my man Benzino got a Benz and they call him Benzino
When I get my Bentley they gon call me Bent-lino
Lot of shit changed since I hooked with Jay-Z yo
For the tracks I done got 800 C-notes
So glad I ain't take the drive to Home Depot
Right now my car and home would be repo'd
Fuckin with my girl today around three-oh
My man said let's call some girls that we know
Ohhhhhhhh! Sometimes I wanna say fuck my bitch
But I don't want nobody to fuck my bitch
Even if a modelin chick sucked my dick
It wouldn't make me now feel so sick, just because
They came over to cheer me up
Smoked, drink, and yeah we fucked
No matter what they do it can't be enough

Wooo! Yeah! Haha.. Stat Quo nigga
Shady motherfuckin Aftermath, you understand me?
Uhh

Mafia!
Mustard on that beat, ho

She do a split on the dick (I ain't lyin')
Lil' freaky-ass bitch always showin' her tits (Godly)
Girl, I know your man at home pissed (He big man)
You sayin' that CÎROC got you bent (You lil' drinker)
Fifteen freaky girls in a Bent' (Tell 'em)
You know I got the drip that can thirst your quench (Yeah)
After the club, hit the crib with shawty (Yeah)
I'ma send her naughty ass back by mornin' (Yeah)
8AM in the Maybach yawnin' (Yeah)
Got a real big play to make this mornin' (Throw me a Benz)
Yesterday, I was in the club, it was crazy
I know these bitches backs hurt (Back) from all that shakin' (God damn)
Baby, you a star, no Macy's (Yeah you is)
This song right here is for the Sonias and Staceys (Aye)
Let them, let them, praise the name of Lord
Please don't never, don't insult it
His Majesty is above
Let them praise the name of Lord
His Majesty is above
Earth ain't had this, Psalm 148
Psalms on the way, Psalm 148, 148
Let them praise the name of Lord
Let me praise the name of the Lord
Dropped on the game, went and scored
Uh-dun, I came and I saw
Though I love her, came on a four
Bitch, you wanna game when you're bored
You know it, you a came and afford
Got that that you can't even afford
Let me praise the name of the Lord
Somethin' all a sudden got me bored
Runnin' and it's feelin' like a chore
Somethin' 'cause you only want more
Somethin' in the name of the Lord
Oh yeah, oh yeah, uh
Pullin' off us for the opposite, don't attack at it
This is how to teach on some politics
On some mobster shit, that's the Carter bitch
It's a college bitch on some knowledgin'
This is not a bitch, if they not a Crip
If you not a quit, that you gotta get
Let me praise the name of the Lord, huh
Ayo, rippin' y'all niggas is the easiest
Y'all style is the nacho cheesiest
Everybody wanna shine, they the greasiest
When they know they bank account is the measliest
You gotta know when to hold 'em
Know when to fold 'em
Know when to run when my niggas be rollin'
Holdin' your gun, especially if you owe 'em
Watchin' yo back, especially in the mornin'
Now niggas give you a pound and tell you, "Be safe."
Like you carryin' a million dollars in a briefcase
Now you're all paranoid like, "Is this shit laced?"
My niggas come in all black like deep space
When we turn the toast
Turn you to a ghost
Any more want they girl to play Demi Moore?
As long as you sure
My point is mainly that
We maniacs
Maniacs nigga what
"I can fight with the best"
Don't let 'em hold you down nigga
"But I can only go"
You can go another round nigga
"So many rounds"
Even if you gotta slug it out
If you gotta thug it out, thug it out
"I can fight with the best"
Don't let 'em hold you down nigga
"But I can only go"
You can go another round nigga
"So many rounds"
A lot of MCs came to my showdown
And watch me put the low down


Down down
Down down
Down down
When it comes to being true, at least true to me
One thing I've found, one thing I found
Oh no, you'll never let me down
Down, down, down, down, down
When it comes to being true, at least true to me
One thing I've found, one thing I found
Oh no, you'll never let me down
Down, down, down, down, down
When it comes to being true, at least true to me
One thing I've found, one thing I found
Oh no, you'll never let me down
Down, down, down, down, down
When it comes to being true, at least true to me
One thing I've found, one thing I found
Oh no, you'll never let me down
Down, down, down, down, down
Up from the ashes, into the sky
Found a redeemer, how I survive
Voice of their mothers, Mary and Christ
Your light has healed me, blessed with new life
I could tell you, he could show you
God in Heaven, shinin' on you (Ooh, ooh)
Through your message, now I know you
I come to you empty, free of my pride (Ooh)
(Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh)
He ain't goin'
He ain't there tonight
We ain't goin'
We ain't there tonight
Love keeps growin'
Your love keeps spillin' over
I come to you empty, free of my pride
Up from the ashes, into the sky
Found a redeemer, how I survive
Voice of their mothers, Mary and Christ
Your light has healed me, blessed with new life
I could tell you, he could show you
God in Heaven, shinin' on you
Through your message, now I know you
I come to you empty, free of my pride (Ooh)
I come to you empty
What's up man? What's up?
Man, yo yo let me tell you:
The reason why he ain't sparkin is because he had a bad trip
Aw yeah, remember that time?
Yo tell 'em about that time we was in your crib sparkin trees kid
Well it was Sunday eve, without a damn thing to do
Sittin thinkin about all of the shit I've been through
Now I'm chillin up at the crib mad shit on my mind
Just got off of work I'm too stressed to write rhymes (bzz)
Surprise visit who is it my bell's buzzin look out the window it's Lumber and Booney "What up cousin?"
(What up Grav? Is you chillin?)
My mind's spillin, matter-of-fact, come up before a brother start illin
Dropped down the keys out the window at a fair pace
They enter the building and start up the staircase
Mad love was given, yo then pounds were exchanged
Yo then Lumber steps back "Ay yo Grav, you look strange..."
I been thinking to hard, black, my brain's all swelled
Yo then Booney's like "Yo, you need to hit up on this here"
Now I know that shit is wrong but it sound right tonight
Pack it tight, spark it on my stove, aight?
Aw, shit! Three seconds it'll make you ill strong
Thus begins the warning of the whole damn song
Yo I should have quit, but a second hit a nigga takes
Yo that was my biggest mistake
One puff was enough, should have quit while I was ahead
Niggas need to chill 'fore they end up dead
One puff was enough, should have quit while I was ahead
Niggas need to chill 'fore they end up dead
One puff
One puff was enough (one)
One puff (one, was enough)
One puff was enough
(Ah) In the beginning it felt like I was winnin this contest of my mind versus the flesh
Can't front, feelin nice so soon was a surprise with the blunt smoke risin to my eyes
Got me actin silly and shit
Takin my mind for trips, got me bustin back flips and splits
My hearin's gettin precise: every sound is heard
Yo Boon, pass the herb so that I can take a third
Hit from the blessin, nigga should have really learned his lesson from the second because now I'm back to stressin
Weed got me actin like a puppet on strings
Fuckin with my mind (got me seein things)
Hey yo it's seemin that the smoke got me dreamin
The pictures on my walls are now images of daemons
My brain's poundin over and over again
Since when was weed a hallucinogen?
One puff was enough
(Y'all fuckers think I'm bullshittin)
(Man, yo, it was wild!)
One puff was enough
(That ain't this though, fucked up!)
I'm tryin to recooperate, gather up my scruples
But unfortunately that philly hit me in quadruple the dosage of a normal blunt
Now my heart's beatin at a faster pace, the blunt must have been laced
Tried to get it out my system through urination
But yo there's only more fucked up hallucinations
Hammer lied when he said it was all good
Cause the colour of my urine is the same colour of blood
Now is it me, or is this shit reality
It seems that the whole world is tryna battle me
I'm starin in the mirror, my condition's getting worse
Panicking just because my reflection's in reverse
Lyin on the bed, tryna rest my head
What's left to say? I'm fucked up, 'nough said!
Thank God I didn't die
From fuckin with the boo-boo-la
One puff was enough, should have quit while I was ahead
Niggas need to chill 'fore they end up dead
One puff was enough (one puff was enough, dawg)
One puff was enough, should have quit while I was ahead
Niggas need to chill 'fore they end up dead
One puff was enough (Haha, no doubt)
(Man, this nigga was high!)
(You know, it ain't for everybody!)
(Don't give this nigga a puff!)
(Fuck it, fuck it, fuck it, let me hit that shit, let me hit that shit!)
(Ahhh!)




Yeah, yeah
Push what up?
Cheated death, he got beef with me now
I gotta lay low, I hear the reaper is out
I had to make sure I put some seeds in the ground
I heard you reap what you sow
Every shred of humanity was killed by the socials
Its no way to control it
If I had tried to send a good message no one would notice
So you leave me no choice but to get back on my bullshit
On my crabs in a barrel
Nike SB jacket, standin' right next to Terrence
Shit is more than a logo, this is the life that we living
I was baking them pies, Mac was working at Lenox
That was just the beginning, we came up
Now a nigga too adjusted to winning, I changed up
I don't even have a problem admitting it
I don't even leave the house unless I see a benefit
I had started something, I gotta finish it
Ski mask flow, the door was closed
Now I'm breaking an en-ter-ance
Back when 50 Cent dropped "Many Men" I was digging in
Beat repeat pad and pen prepping up for the games we play
Same rappers, same moves and the same mistakes
I can't remember how it even became this way
Saw the stakes, took the stakes then raised the stakes
Motherfucker
(This gon' sound terrible on this phone and shit, can you play–, can you play it again?)
Ain't no light on a one night star, one night star
No lights ever shone this far, one night star
They say the stars don't shine this far, one night star
They say the shine don't shine this far, this far down, this far down
Little light for one night star, one night bar
They say the stars don't shine this far, this far down
Now lay me down with another clown
Over summer now, silver's not the summer now
Bust down a cutie, nights on a duty
Next morning as he shows no remorse
With his daughter, oughta be ashamed
Little nose for the colder one
Later that night, he was finna put a hole in one
Little lights all in one night star, one night star
They say the stars don't shine that far, that far down
Little life for a one night star, my one night star
He said, "Will you be my one night star?", the prettiest by far, prettiest by far
Proof that beauty is the worst curse known to man
Screaming out "fore!", golf hit the sand
Golf - I do all comparisons to him on the golf course the next day
Like he ain't just had a prostitute the previous night and shit
You know?

Uh, I guess I get mad when you get boxed in
So mad, you wanna start boxin'
So mad, you're gonna turn to Tyson
Slicin' and dicin'
Paparazzi, I'm like a nazi to 'em
I'm not Bill Cosby to 'em
And I ain't Bing Crosby
More like the next Sinatra to 'em
Uh, ayo I got to ruin
The image and the style that you're used to doin'
When people usually do music
I am a visionary, Christian soldier, don't confuse it
Ayo, before I lose it, and have to prove it
This the way that we gon' do it, time we gotta move it to the future
Kamasutra
Any way that suit yah
Don't shoot yah
Stop the violence and it's been stopped
Uh, we stopped the violence in the hip-hop
Uh, we stopped the hatin' and the degredation
Uh, we 'bout to build like one nation
Uh, got off the phone with Benjamin Carson
Uh, that's the next president, arson
Burn it down, burn Hollywood, burn, like Ice Cube said
Uh, I'm the rudest
Lot of people say that, cause they say Ye don't play that
They be off that Grey Goose, I be off that Ye juice
Uh, that's the way I stay loose
Confidence and esteem, American dream
Uh, my crib spacial
Uh, my relationship is interracial

I had to drop 7-10 cause it's Kanye West day
In the neighborhood, Power 106, it's all good
That's the way it is, I think you should
Let me get back on, because I'm fallin' off again
Let me kick my volume way past 10
'Because it's Ida's son, the B-I-G
Big Boy's in the house, in the place to be
I don't know why I'm saying these old simple last rhymes
But anyway, I'm Kickin back with some friends of mine
That's louis, E-man, and Kanye, Can't Forget Ricky
That's the man that's on the microphone
Thats the man thats on the turntables, Willing and able
I don't where to start, I don't where to start
Maybe the chart, maybe the heart
Maybe the, Maybe the flow
Maybe the ’Go, where i was grow
Where I grew up in, Where you could see
When we was three, in the cold
Straight from Chicago, where I go
And everybody know
From my homie Don C, I be eh
Ay yo, like IBM
Or Apple Steve Jobs, or this
Yeah, I'm on my job with this
Ay yo its very very simple
You heard me on Jimmy Kimmel
I can do it in every tempo, I use my temple
I wanna build a temple, I wanna build Churches
That could be as big as the Adams Family, where it lurches
Ay yo, this is not a circus
The zoo is closed motherfucker
Ay yo, it ain't no
No cursing in the versing, what you know is not perfect
And you know its still worth it
I might short circuit
I might just blackout
Hit you with that blakka, you know I'm the rocker
Number one Chief rocker, Number one Chief rocker
Ain't nobody gon' stop em', ain't nobody gon' stop us because
I got God on my side, thats the way I ride
Jesus Christ
Yeezus Christ
Yeezus nice
Some things they gone never change
The kings got rid of us, they selling a crackhead soap
Now follow me, sometimes I feel like dream is subtitles
Say things that mean things but hide them in club titles
So you'll hear something real but think that it's meaningless
Like, "Damn, I know I feel but I don't know what the meaning is!"
See that there's what make it so ingenious
And that's why Kweli never was lenient
Cause he know what I got, know I was making it hot
'Fore I was making a lot, 'fore I made it to the Roc
Sex, what you know about sex?
Tell me what you know about sex
Sex, what you know about sex?
Oh my God, you're so hot
Pull my hair, let me get on top
Oh my God, soaking wet
Back and forth till we break the bed
(Oh my God)
When you read my mind, get down and discover me
I'm an open door, let you come inside of me
Want to put my hands around your neck
Gonna take you to a place that you will not forget
Sex, what you know about sex?
Tell me what you know about sex
Sex, what you know about sex?
Oh my God, you're so hot
Pull my hair, let me get on top
Oh my God, soaking wet
Back and forth till we break the bed
You got a bad attitude, I like to grind it on you
And when I let you put it on me
You better give me what I want, baby
Oh my God
Oh my God, let me clean your wound
I can be your nurse, got the antidote
Please show me where it hurts
Can you be my father? Tell me what to do
You can punish me and maybe I will punish you
Sex, what you know about sex?
Tell me what you know about sex
Sex, what you know about sex?
Oh my God, you're so hot
Pull my hair, let me get on top
Oh my God, soaking wet
Back and forth till we break the bed
You got a bad attitude, I like to grind it on you
And when I let you put it on me
You better give me what I want, baby
Oh my God (God, God, God)
There's no shame in feeling
As long as it feels right (oh my God)
Our love, this is natural
There's nothing wrong with, nothing wrong with
Sex, what you know about sex?
Tell me what you know about sex
Sex, what you know about sex?
Oh my God, you're so hot
Pull my hair, let me get on top
Oh my God, soaking wet
Back and forth till we break the bed
You got a bad attitude, I like to grind it on you
And when I let you put it on me
You better give me what I want, baby
Oh my God
What you know about sex?
Tell me what you know about sex
It's the franchise, I'll leave a tooth in the game
Boy comes straight out of D.C. doing his thing
The terrapin off in Maryland, chocolate leaves
"We are one" on my t-shirt and shoes are Reebok
And the streets rock what we rock, the battle is won
Crossbender with the franchise, you know I was done
It's like this, it's like that, it's like this and uh
It's like this, it's like that, it's like this and uh
It's like that, it's like this, it's like that and uh
It's like this, it's like that, it's like that and uh
Def Jam sound, baby!
Ladies and gentlemen, right now
We wanna bring forth to the stage
A very special guest
The undisputed Made Men



Of the high potent seedless cannabis sativa, I believe that
It takes a lot of pain away, I do this everyday
It gotta be a better way, looking for a rider
Tomorrow been suffering the sorrow
Took the heat, took the lead, now you follow
Every road has two paths
One's fun and laughs, opposite of blood bath
I choose the better half, run with the cheddar staff
Avoid the garbage, recycle the trash
To get track cats slapped up and kidnapped
Cause we rapping don't mean it can happen
See the gats clapping? At ease. You been cleared from the homicide
Nothing to fear cause we here, just you and I



See when a nigga spends time in the lab
It works fast so we givin' others jet lag
And expand like bands on a soloflex
So what all these bitch niggas want?
Ain't no need for Grav to ever front, yo forever like this

Represent Down to Earth forever, who? G-G-G-Gravity
Yo what they want? Front skills never mean
Represent Down to Earth forever, who? G-G-G-Gravity
Oooh God I warned yah, I hit that ass catacorner
And still be gettin' straight to the point
Smoke mics like joints, wack rappers on the ave
The dirt and dust, from ill lyrics that I bust
Rhymes are more underground than archaeological finds
So thus I influence minds, like narcotics
And my mind skills is optimus, it ain't no stoppin' us
Yo even if you built the strongest barricade
GRAV breaks through, niggas still gettin' slayed
Yo even if you had the longest ruler
You still couldn't measure, nigga's too deep like sunken treasure
And I'm just tryin' to play it cool
Wonderin' what you gon' do now
It's 11:15 and, baby, I got to hit you up
Are you playin' around? Oh, what now?
Tell me what's that's
12:35 and you sayin' that you ain't been to text
And that you're on your way, well, okay, okay
What I'm sayin', don't say it, don't say it
Now it's 1:15 and, baby, you got to be playin'
Baby, you have got to be playin'
Where are you?
Are you comin' back? Still callin' through
And she say she at the club with her girl
And it's her girl's birthday and she keepin' her there longer
And, uh, you know how that goes
And she want to see me so bad
Oh, so she's leavin' in about fifteen minutes
After this, uh, one favorite Pitbull song plays, goes off
Or some shit like that, now it's like, uh, 2:45
And you know what type of textses niggas send at that time
I texted her and I said, "Are you alive?"
That's when you send that text
And you say, "Hey, are you alive?"
Cause the only reason why you not here
Bitch, you better have died
Bitch, you better have died
Bitch, you better have died
Now it's like 3:30 and you tell me that you're on your way
And a nigga so goddamn horny
You know what I said? "Okay"
I'm just sayin', "Okay"
Who you gon' listen to: Your ego or your dick?
Now the dick wins
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
And I can't understand, holdin' a white wine
BlackBerry in my hand
Lookin' at the time, 7 a.m
I can't believe this bitch sent me through this shit again
Oh, you got me, huh?
Are you gon' give me every chance you get?
You gon' give me every chance you get?
I don't know when you're gonna quit
This why I left your ass in the first place
This why I helped your ass in the first case
And you don't have the nerve to text a nigga
I left the door cracked open
New York City is dangerous, I could have been robbed
New York City is dangerous, I could have been robbed
What you think?
I would take that chance for some pussy moanin'
This the type of pussy you risk your life for
This the type of pussy you need your wife for
This the type of pussy you spend the night over
This the type of pussy you spend the night over
This the type of pussy you spend the night over
And lookin' back, tryin' spend the night over
And I'll admit it
Even though I'm disrespected as a motherfucker
I still, still want to hit it
Got an ass like that cause I paid your ass again
My friends say, "What the fuck is wrong with them?"
Cause ain't no sex like a ex
Ain't no sex like your ex
Ain't no sex like your ex, ain't no sex like
You know, cause you'd be so mad at that motherfucker
And you know they got a new motherfucker
And you know you just want to fuck her
And prove that the next nigga ain't as good as you
And he can't do what you do
So, baby, if you give me one chance to dance
Put the devil in a purple light
If you give me one chance to dance
Put the devil in a purple light
Alright, don't say, don't say
Where she'll stop, I'll never know, don't say
Where did all the lovers go?
Where she'll stop, I'll never know
Where did all the lovers go?
Where she'll stop, I'll never know
Where did all the lovers go?
Where she'll stop, I'll never know
So, hey, so, hey
Don't say you, don't say you will
Hey, don't say you will, you will, you will
Hey, don't say, don't say, don't say you will, you will
I'm like Twista on the rap side
I'm like weave on the track side
I'm Don Juan on the mack side
I'm Michael Jordan, Scottie Pippen and Pac's son
I'm Phil Jackson, this is South Side
They call me Kan', the Louis Vuitton don
But I still might throw on a little (?) on
Same place where the (?) from
Same place I got my flows from
Place I got my hoes from
Talkin', tell me if you know somethin'
Go on 'head, roll somethin'
Bitches get they (?) on when you turn Luke on
Gangstas dance, but they still get they (?) on
Bad Boys II on and she want to go
I'm a cop the bootleg from it for the show
Watch the DVD in the car cause the way a nigga live
We have more TVs in the whip than in the crib
My nigga sells cellphones, we call him Lil' Flip
Welcome to Chicago, my city is the shit
Oh no
No, baby I won't
No, baby I don't know
Who they are
No baby I won't
No baby I won't
So no way hm






I go to Jacob with twenty-five thou
You go with twenty-five hundred, wow
I got eleven plaques on my wall right now
You got your first gold single, damn, nigga, wow
H to the Izzo, did three thou spins in a week
You did a thou in a month, wow
Y'all niggas want credit, but y'all need to slow down
Kanye to The killin' y'all from Chi-Town
How your wife gon' say she never sold drugs a day in her life
But she still wanna pump the yay
And y'all mad cause y'all not knowin'
Cause these canaries so yellow
When y'all pull up, whether to stop or keep goin'
I got Gs, rock, rock and roll tees with no sleeves
Tats showin', tucked in, strap showin'
How he get seven TVs in that 'Lac, 'Lac?
Three in the front, two in the back, two in that back, back
While you in that hatchback and tryin' to sell work
And don’t get shit from them packs back
And try to rap, the studio gon' give you your daps back
And try to get published
And all you get is your ass capped and that’s that
I just bought my mom a new car and a house
And that's a lot to say for a college dropout
I drove to New York with ten dollars to my name
And brought back a couple platinum plaques on the plane
And brought back that soul shit that changed the game
They have no beat, they had to aim the stain, the steel
Got lizards in my R. Kelly strain
They real, man, I swear to God I wish I had a dollar bill
For every time a nigga told me, "Stick to the beats"
I could've ate at Cheesecake at least six times a week
I got killed these niggas on that lyrical shit
Mayonnaise-colored Benz, I push miracle whips
Gonna save purple haze and some syrup to sip
It have you so right, you drive on the left lane
Gettin' head, crash
Your head hit the window, now that's brain

I can't wait to see the light
Walking through the wilderness with stripes
Dark in the midnight, but I stay bright
They want me to. stay blue, I know I'm right
Wish I could've learned a lesson with on sight
Silver and Gold definitely had my life
But the world has bigger battles to fight
We empty out our feelings through tribulations and late nights
Yeah, Woah, Mmm
Strip away my problems
Heal all of my bruises
Even if my mind refuses
Yeah, Woah, Mmm
Strip away my problems
Send me back to heaven
I can't wait to see the light again


Just got off the phone with some people I love
Took a look at my arms, took a look up above
Water run down my chest, I feel free
I took the cloak and it fit me like a glove
Family beside my through the dark times
Going downhill shoving forth my pride
On the cover of the New York Times
Had to look to myself, use my heart and mind
I needed someone in my life to help me
SOmeone in my life who wouldn't judge me
Someone in my life who wouldn't touch me
Opened up the bible one day, I know he loves me
Found god in the brightest of my days
Got reacquainted in the slimiest of ways
When times up, I'll have the ultimate of faiths
I can't wait to see the light when I finally fade away
Yeah, Woah, Mmm
Strip away my problems
Heal all of my bruises
Even if my mind refuses
Yeah, Woah, Mmm
Strip away my problems
Send me back to heaven
I can't wait to see the light again


Woo, Woo, Woo, Woo
Woo, Woo, Woo, Woo
I can't wait to see th–
I can't wait to see th– again
Woo, Woo, Woo, Woo
Woo, Woo, Woo, Woo
I'm with 'selda, Woo
Scoop, Woo, Yeah
What you gon do? It’s G.O.O.D. Music and G-Unit
Ugh, Banks, Loso



We keep these G’s in an alloy safe
And stash the weed in an Altoids case
They say good things come to those who wait
So I’mma be at least about a hour late
I’m so fresh bitch I should be arrested
New Cody Chesnutt with my nuts on your chest bitch
She said “hey ‘Ye,” I said “Yes, bitch”
"Damn I’m only asking you a question"
I met this MILF at the All-Star getting action
A cougar with more rings than Phil Jackson
Told her beauty is why God invented eyeballs
And her booty is why God invented my balls
I’m a rockstar, huh, start it up
Start it up, huh, start it up
So popular you should get a shot of us
Niggas don’t take shots at us that is only obvious
The first album I vomited, the second I colonic’d it
Ain't nobody fucking with me, I Platonic’d it
Bet I got some slippers on, bet niggas gon' honor it
These ain't even real clothes, homie I’m pajama rich
Banks told me homie go switch the style up
These bitches on me homie only to arouse us
Told her I ain't paying tonight I’m only browsing
She pulled her blouse up, said “It’s free,” I said, "wowzers"


Let's get it started, get it started, get it started yeah yeah

Ladies and gentlemen
You know they mad cause cause cause I’m hood rich
You never ever ever seen a nigga good trick
You want a problem
Start it up (vroom vroom)
Start it up (vroom vroom)
Start it up (vroom vroom)
Wait a minute
Ladies and gentlemen
You know they mad cause cause cause I’m hood rich
You never ever ever seen a nigga good trick
You want a problem
Start it up (vroom vroom)
Start it up (vroom vroom)
Start it up (vroom vroom)
Wait a minute

Lo- Lord, the air is foul with the smell of hypocrisy
As bloody armies scream- screams for victory
Lying there in the mire is a mama and child
Their anguished cries trampled by boots on either side
Now with bloodshot eyes we look out beyond earth's gate
Seeking new planets to plant seeds of hate, yeah
Progress, it's said, makes for a softer bed, mmm
But no one will lie easy if everyone lies dead
Now it's time, I think, and I think you'll agree, oh
To love thy neighbor and set all men free
So take the shackles from the wings of the dying dove
And permit her to fly away to peace and love, yeah
Stronger
Stronger
Stronger
I ain't the rapper that you want to talk noise to
It only makes me stronger
Only makes me stronger, stronger, stronger
I ain't the rapper that you want to talk noise to
It only makes me stronger
Only makes me stronger, stronger, stronger
Call the police, a paramedic and a nurse
Rap might be dead, but know what makes the matter worse?
(What?) I left my masters where the dada lurks
And Universal Records probably doesn't even have a hearse
I can't lose like I have a curse
I used to love her, but now I date a badder verse
It seems like acting got a fatter purse
I'm almighty with mix tapes, you back to church
My homeboy, was always a man of turf
Cause he be interred, like the words on a mechanic shirt
I think I need to send a fan alert
Nonsense, sure to send a humble ?
I'm so cool, I jump in a pool
And everything that's in it ain't blue turn blue
Man I'm so cool, I walk into school
And numbers on the ruler tell me that I rule
Who, can make a mix tape skin
Have goosebumps if a mix tape had skin
I'm, Lennox Lewis with the left, right, left
I'm knocking out a mix tape's wind
I say whatever I want to say like Kanye
I'm calling, telling have a nice day
If hip hop is dead then I say
That I escaped Death Row like I'm Dre
Cause you're pale and I'm looking colourful
Don't lie about my mix tapes, I know you love em fool..
I know you love em fool
I had to drop part 2, that means another 2
She told me Ridin' Dirty was a hard tune
And then told me to call her at tomorrow noon
One night with me is really your doom
I'll be sticking something in it like a harpoon
18th of September on your calendar
Chamillionaire gets badderer and badderer
Chamillionaire badder than the average huh
I'm a, I'm a raw like an animal
Haha, if a man is mechanical
I'll come through and do what a real man would do
And you'll change your whole thing
Like Claire Reid sleeping in bed with Hannibal the Cannibal
Stronger
Stronger
Stronger
I ain't the rapper that you want to talk noise to
It only makes me stronger
Only makes me stronger, stronger, stronger
I ain't the rapper that you want to talk noise to
It only makes me stronger
Only makes me stronger, stronger, stronger
Cars with chauffeurs sockless loafers
Snap my finger nigga buenos noches
We the Black Cards
Bar none put whoever on us
My jewels is like a flute to you bitches
I'm the snake charmer
You can’t keep following niggas that break honor
I'm driven in that double R I- drive system
More horses near the pistons
The logistics the left arm glisten
As I exit the car with the partition
And half of you niggas wishing
Y’all was in our position getting
Sloppy kisses from model bitches
By rocky wrist’s
Or the unbelievable vehicle breezing through
Leaving you pissed whispering
Life is a bitch
Every dollar ever tricked was never missed
Im trifling rich i mannequin hoes to floss my shit
To every bitch i ever barbie-dolled
It was only to heighten and enlighten
But instead i just misguided y’all
They document the rise and fall of footprints
Of hustlers turn legends in they times of war
Blow money cars line the shore
We reincarnated with their stars faded
And they crimes were flawed
While y'all niggas Scarfacing whole face in the soft
Busy sniffing to your nostrils raw and your nose fall off
Me and my niggas is living the difference
I fell off in the pot in the kitchen
Peeling open them pigeons
Pure white like the powder was christian
Ain't no such thing as a seven
Unless you’re talking McLaren
Those scissor doors open like the Gangster heaven
To Philadel' like it's martial law
Gun drawn the sun fall on the concrete
Jungle as they juggle
All my shit in crack spots the nerve
The label me slumlord
Evicted stupid ass young bulls
Playing with loot playing your stoop
Selling you dry wall
I guess you feeling Bruce Willis
Cause you going to die hard
Chasing you breath
While facing your death
As we slide off
We never mind cost
Croc and alligator shit lives lost
Closet like the Land of the Lost
PETA screaming murder
Furs you never heard of
Drowned in that shearling
I'm the fucking sheep herder
These young niggas jump in the game
Hoping to leap further
Now that Fire white ice adores is a
Sleeve burner in love with a mean corner
Mean earner think sweet my burner
I have you fight for your life like you
C-Murder
She's perfect we stepping through
Black white like Pepe Lepew
Bright lights what these gremlins spew
No Strife when you catch these few
You past due
Coast to coast hood to hood
Get money playa it's all good
Niggas tussle to struggle
Scuffle to hustle to muffle to muscle
Fall back damn I really would love to
But can't though
Coast to coast hood to hood
Get money playa it's all good
Niggas tussle to struggle
Scuffle to hustle to muffle to muscle
Fall back damn I really would love to
But can't though



Ooh I don't need y'all either
Ooh don't wanna talk about it
Ooh like I don't know nobody
Like I don't know nobody
I guess I don't (Flint let's go)
Oh you mad, huh?
Oh you mad, huh?
Oh you mad, huh?
Oh you mad, huh?
I ain't finna sit around and let the shit ride now, wait until it all dies down
While my people being murdered, what they doing here in Flint is genocide now
We can't turn a blind eye now, and keep quiet while they kill niggas
Someone gotta pay, they might have to the governor inside the Flint River
Corporate lies, leaked emails; treating niggas like we retail
Put your life up for a price, where the keep spinning like Sprewells
Try'na breath but we suffocating, lead water that's intoxicating
Don't tell me it's coincidental, they want black people depopulated
City 60 percent black, rest of them all white
If it was the other way around, they wouldn't let it ride for a single night
No questions, no questions please
Get you on your knees like Eric Garner screaming 'I can't breathe'
The police kill you for a cigarette, I guess it's worth more than a life
So we blacking out on Oscar night because you know the Oscars is so white
Don't ask me why I'm mad, bitch I'm enraged
Who? Me? They should know my name
Ooh I don't need y'all either
Ooh don't wanna talk about it
Ooh like I don't know nobody
Like I don't know nobody
I guess I don't (Flint let's go)
Oh you mad, huh?
Oh you mad, huh?
Oh you mad, huh?
Oh you mad, huh?

Thought I could beat Em in a battle a year ago
When he dropped that album I was thinking about for a year or so
Then Ye dropped, I know my timeline is fucked up
If Drizzy don't fuck with shoes, then don't wear 'em, the fuck bruh
Nigga acting he fucked Kim K, the fuck bruh
If I see him I won't pop, I'll just say the fuck bruh
Nigga want Cancer, want smoke, want puff bruh
Now a nigga tryna box, Does he think that he buff bruh
I'm basically B. Simmons, I don't shoot
I'll just throw that nigga down a fucking trash shoot
I like trap producers but not the ones that use flutes
You think you the pied piper or some shit ooh
I need to take some pills right now
They prescription
When I first the family I thought they was Egyptian
Then I did my research, Look at the fucking description
Armenian with a big booty, damn this bitch so gifted




I'm a King eating a cupcake
Like Lebron eating KD
Damn why the vibe so wavy
Damn she tryna have another baby
The media wanna know about the names though
Why I named my girl Chicago
Well why did Jah call him Gekyume
Why did Breezy call him royal
Nigga we famous we do what we want
Catch a nigga in the rain like I'm Ebron
All these niggas so Emo
Yo that verse kinda sound familiar
Free 6ix9ine man for real though


Bad Trinidadian, need to let daddy in
If I need to spend some cash, fuck it, then, I'm zaddy, then
She in love with a man she can’t be with
But she know that pussy gon' leave him seasick (Mhm)
Every time she round, she get treat like the sidekick
Until that side chick went and got some side dick
Sun-kissed princess, gold toe ring
Smacker lip gloss, backside swole thing
When we first met, she couldn't take the whole thing
Nextel, brr-brr, that's my old ring
Polo Kanye, black-cladded fam
Kept a signed autograph in your binder notepad
We was freshmen, you was out to test men
You was up at Spelman, I might have fucked your best friend, haha



No fade outs
And I got it though
And I got it though
Got it though
And I got it though
Send it up and I add it though
Niggas too pussy for me to father them
But I daughter them, putting them for adoption
Rich niggas got options, some-some with the posse
Some-some for the posse, some-some for the mobsters
Take my kindness for a weakness
Take a ho bitch for a freak bitch
Take a wifey for a freak bitch
Turn a wifey to a freak bitch
Some-some for a freakenin'
Won't they bring back freakenin'?
Some-some and I don't eat shit
Pissed off on a Easter, all-white, it's like Easter
Some-some when I keep ya
Some-some I might deet ya
Lotta niggas, like I said, poppin' in it
Revenge, my nigga, revenge, my nigga, then, my nigga
Oh shit, nigga we don't use that flow no more
Actin' like a nigga like 'Ye ain't from the go no more
Slow these mo'fuckers down, hold these mo'fuckers out
Hold this mo'fucker round, this the mo'fuckin' town
I got somethin' for you now, ah
We’re thankful for You
And Your word has come and changed our lives
And I learned to know You
For Your word is water giving life
‘Cuz we drowned in You and we won’t pull through
Without You by our side
He gave his life to give
Eternal life to you
A sacrifice so real
Soul body heart and mind
Now we can go on
Knowing He is living in our soul
So we give our all, for His love, His life
We’re thankful for You
And Your word has come and changed our lives
And I learned to know you
For Your word is water giving life
‘Cuz we’re drowned in You and we won’t pull through
Without You by our side
He gave his life to give
Eternal life to you
A sacrifice so real
Soul body heart and mind now we can go on
Knowing He is living in our soul
So we give our all, for His love, His life
So we give our all, for His love His life
So we give our all, for His love His life
So we give our all, for His love His life
Yo Scratch she said, "Yo, I love this beat
But I know he ain't make them sounds with his mouth."
I said, "How you gonna doubt this man?
He got a Grammy for beat boxin' for Christ sake."
How you gonna doubt this man. You know what she said? She said...
Now I'm ready to go (go)
So let me grab my coat (coat)
And then we're out the door (door)
I ain't no ho but I can get low
She said, oooh that's my favorite part
Oooh a Ferrari that's my favorite car
The-the-The Roc, them my favorite stars
And I love the way they blaze the charts
But how she gonna play your man?
Act like she ain't know who the hell I am
Or act like she ain't know the jets I land
In Ireland
I let her eye the rims cause she admire them
That goofy that you're running with
I can buy your man
Pause
I ain't trippin'
I don't lie to fans
Y'all
Will soon see how them lames will do you
His name Raymond but he weaker than Raymond (Ramon) noodles
Now she's Grindin'
Throwin' it back like Nolan Ryan
Get it?
She said that ooooh
Really turns me on
So yoooooo
Need to take me home
She said ooh this my favorite verse
I knew she kinda bright when she reached in her purse
I said, "Girl you know you freaky, obey your thirst"
It's one o'clock and I'm way past first
And though Jay is killin' girl like O.J
That's why haters want to jack son (Jackson) for his Ice Cubes like O'Shea
They keep a lemon face like they sippin' on Ocean Spray
We toast and say, "We made it to the post Jay"
Send a couple models this way
With their disposable camera they wanna pose with K
Money got me smellin' sweater then Potpurri
Not gonna flow today
I need a whole parade
Fuck that I need a whole brigade
Of girls still rockin' Poetic Justice braids
Just to say, "You O.K. Player, but you no K
But I will give you my number if you know K
Eww, I'm still kinda stressed
I'm tryin' to climb in your dress
I see you recline in the rest
But my time is pressed
If you tryin' to step
Come holla at your boy, yo I'm one of the next
She said, "You
Gonna have to wait around a minute
Cause my hair ain't done and my nails ain't finished
It's the things that you love
So I need five minutes"
But five turned into twenty
Twenty turned into forty
Give her five minutes and I'm out on shorty
Chill
"Why you leavin'
Tired of the lonely nights and the quiet evenings
Plus I've been horny the entire evening"
True
Uh, now you're talkin'
In front of the telly and now I'm parkin'
But now she got an attitude and now she barkin'
So ooooh
Now she walkin' uh

Yo, this my dog 88-Keys joint right here
It's called “Viagra (Stay Up),” you know?
It’s on his new album, The Death of Adam
I can't give ya the whole thing
I'm just gon’ give you a piece of that
Yeah (Plain Pat, what up?)
It's kinda crazy, right?
What she got is so Niagara
Make a young nigga straight need Viagra
Make a old nigga give keys to Jaguar
Just to keep from all the tease and laughter
Her telling her homegirls that he couldn't stay up
In the restaurant with her voice way up
Please keep it discreet
Keep the business out of the street
She said "I would if he-a handle biz up in the sheets!"
Pop off like a thang thang, he keep keep
And every time that she bang bang, he skeet skeet
And he so bullheaded tried to three-peat
Try imagining something passionate
Between you, Cassie, and Kim Kardashian
Maybe that'll work when you get to hit that ass again
Or you can grab a Red Bull and sip that twice
Now y'all can have sexy time, it's nice!


Yeah, here go my dog Kweli shit
We just gon' hit you with the snippet real quick
This is a story of a man, who has found the most unfunny shit ever, and now he’s mad, so now he’s gonna make a song
about it. Enjoy
It’s the yankee
Yankee with no brim
Brim with no yankee
No more brims for me
Brims all just for me
No more brims they’re not for me
I fell deep
You ain’t have to meet me
Open my eyes and I’ll see
Got no brims just like a father
Leave it up to you
Yankee shirt damped in water
I’ll leave it up to you
Let me discover
The yankee with no brim
This shit gonna ruin me
A new month, more shitty memes
Won’t stop, they keep coming
How much longer will I have to suffer cause of challenged teens?
If you’re listening to this you’re not funny
All this arguing make my stummy, hurt, pain, that’s all I feel now
People think they’re comedians, twitter retards got no obedience, make a funny tweet but forget the main ingredient, and that’s humor, cause you’re not funny a bit, so bow down to your king and suck my fat fucking dick
How many more times you gonna make retarded jokes that make no sense
How many more times you’ll try so hard to make amends
How many more times you’ll follow shitty unfunny trends
Wonder why you got no friends, your humor makes me wanna end it all, you got no balls, too scared to answer booty calls
Got more foes than friends
Need to be careful how I spend
My time with others, cause one day they’ll leave you for each other
Go do something productive, stop posting brims, you don’t know about them, I’ve been rocking yankees since 2010, you just follow trends
I’m chasing bags, you’re chasing retweets
Do whatever you need, just don’t worry about me
It’s the yankee
Yankee with no brim
Brim with no yankee
No more brims for me
Brims all just for me
No more brims they’re not for me
Unfunny
Got nothing to do with me
Open my eyes and I’ll see
Yankee shirt damped in water
Humor lift me up
Don’t let me drown
That’s the story of
Every time (Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh)
Every time (Every time)
And the stars will align (Every time)
You ain't lyin' (Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh)
You ain't lyin', you ain't lyin'
You gon' take me to the light
Every time, every time, every time

And you still take me to the light every time (Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh)
You still take me to the light every time (Every time)
It seem like our stars align (Every time)
You ain't lyin' (Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh)
You ain't lyin', you ain't lyin'
You gon' take me to the light
Every time, every time, every time

And you still take me to the light every time (Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh)
You still take me to the light every time
It seem like our stars align (Every time)
You ain't lyin' (Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh)
You ain't lyin', you ain't lyin'
You gon' take me to the light (Every time)
Every time, take me
Every time, take me
Every time

And you still take me to the light every time (Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh)
You still take me to the light every time (Every time)
It seem like our stars align (Every time)
You ain't lyin' (Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh)
You ain't lyin', you ain't lyin'
You gon' take me to the light (Every time)
Every time, everytime, every time





I'm sendin' a message in a bottle
It says we need a new tomorrow
And we need some new leaders to follow
Yeah we need some new leaders to follow
I'm tellin' you everything that I know
Al Gore got robbed cause he got my vote
And I'ma tell you this because I should
Sting, you the only police good in the hood
And, and, now throw your hands in the air
And, and, we gon' elect John for mayor
And wave 'em around like you just don't care, yeah
Wave 'em around like you just don't care, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

I believe that utopia is actually possible—but we’re led by the least noble, the least dignified, the least tasteful, the dumbest, and the most political. So in no way am I a politician—I’m usually at my best politically incorrect and very direct. I really appreciate you guys’ willingness to learn and hone your craft, and not be lazy about creation
I’m very inspired to be in this space. Tonight, this show, if you come see it—um, I’m a bit self conscious because I’m showing it to architects. So the stage does have flaws in it. It’s an expression of emotion so give me a pass on that. And that’s basically all I have to say so thank you very much








I put on, I put on, I put on
I put on for my city, I put on for my
I put on for my city, I put on for my city
On
I feel like it's still niggas that owe me checks
I feel like it's still bitches that owe me sex
I feel like this but niggas don't know he's stressed
I lost the only girl in the world that know me best
I got the money and the fame, man, that don't mean shit
I got the Jesus on a chain, man, that don't mean shit
Cause when the Jesus pieces can't bring me peace
Yo, I need just at least, uh, one of Russell's nieces
On, I let my nightmares go
I put on everybody that I knew from the 'Go
I know hoes that was frontin' when they knew he was broke
They say, "Damn, Yeezy Yeezy, you don't know us no more?"
"You got that big fame, homie, and you just changed on me"
You can ask big homie, man, the top so lonely
I ain't lyin
So lonely, I ain't lyin!
Let me see what we have tonight (what we have tonight)
I'm high as a satellite (satellite)
I see those flashing lights (flashing lights)
Cause every night, every night, I put on

Let me see what we have tonight
I'm high as a satellite
I see those flashing lights
Cause every night, every night
Let me see what we have tonight
I'm high as a satellite
I see those flashing lights
Okay! I'm reloaded
Jay what up, nigga
And I'm tellin' you I'ma do it my way
West side of the Windy, what up?
Our medicine

Y'all niggas oughta salute me
Admire the truth, B, you niggas ain't got what it takes
The closer they get to the light is well, bein' a groupie
Ye, talk to 'em!
Dawg what you gon' tell me?
How you gon' sell me?
You can't tell me the way to do it
'Cause I've been on the grind and I stay into it
Ye, talk to 'em!
Dawg what you gon' tell me?
How you gon' sell me?
You can't tell me the way to do it
'Cause I've been on the grind and I stay into it

Ye, talk to 'em!
Dawg what you gon' tell me?
How you gon' sell me?
You can't tell me the way to do it
'Cause I've been on the grind and I stay into it
Ye, talk to 'em!
Dawg what you gon' tell me?
How you gon' sell me?
You can't tell me the way to do it
'Cause I've been on the grind and I stay into it

Always knew that I would make it, y'all
So the failure wasn't quite my style
Had to recognize, it was light at the end of the tunnel
Betty rock 'em, got me rockin'
Leave you the Porsche, the keys to the T-OP floor
Either or
Ye, talk to 'em!
Dawg what you gon' tell me?
How you gon' sell me?
You can't tell me the way to do it
'Cause I've been on the grind and I stay into it
Ye, talk to 'em!
Dawg what you gon' tell me?
How you gon' sell me?
You can't tell me the way to do it
'Cause I've been on the grind and I stay into it
I can give you everything that you want
(Bitch, get off my pole)
(Bitch, get off my pole)
You can't buy this at no luxury store
(Bitch, get off my pole)
(Bitch, get off my pole)
There's a place you gotta go
Before I let you take it all
It's like a drug, it should be illegal
Baby, you should get down low
And drink my precious alcohol
You look so thirsty, I think you need it
Kiss it better, kiss it better
Don't it taste like holy water?
Make it wetter, make it wetter
Don't it taste like holy water?
Kiss it better, make it wetter
Don't it taste like holy water?
Kiss it better, kiss it better
I can teach you all the things you don't know
(Bitch, get off my pole)
(Bitch, get off my pole)
It's rare like mink, it's something you wanna own
(Bitch, get off my pole)
(Bitch, get off my pole)
There's something you gotta hit
It's sacred and immaculate
I can let you in heaven's door
I promise you it's not a sin
Find salvation deep within
We can do it here on the floor
Kiss it better, kiss it better
Don't it taste like holy water?
Make it wetter, make it wetter
Don't it taste like holy water?
Kiss it better, make it wetter
Don't it taste like holy water?
Kiss it better, kiss it better
Don't it taste like holy water, like holy water?
Don't it taste like holy water?
Bless yourself and genuflect
Don't it taste like holy water, like holy water?
Don't it taste like holy water?
If you like it, please confess
Don't it taste like holy water, like holy water?
Don't it taste like holy water?
Bless yourself and genuflect
Don't it taste like holy water, like holy water?
Don't it taste like holy water?
Yeezus loves my pussy best

Don't it taste like holy water?
Sacred and immaculate
Don't it taste like holy water?
Bless yourself and genuflect
Kiss it better, kiss it better
Make it wetter, make it wetter
Kiss it better, make it wetter
Kiss it better, kiss it better
Don't it taste like holy water, like holy water?
Do-don't it taste like holy water?
Bless yourself and genuflect
Don't it taste like holy water, like holy water?
Do-don't it taste like holy water?
Yeezus loves my pussy best
Don't it taste like holy water, like holy water?
Do-don't it taste like holy water?
Bless yourself and genuflect
Don't it taste like holy water, like holy water?
Do-don't it taste like holy water?
Bless yourself and genuflect
Yeezus loves my pussy best


Yeezy season approachin'
Fuck whatever y'all been hearin'
Fuck what, fuck whatever y'all been wearin'
A monster about to come alive again
Soon as I pull up and park the Benz
We get this bitch shakin' like Parkinsons
Take my number and lock it in
Indian hair, no moccasins
It's too many hoes in this house of sin
Real nigga back in the house again
Black Timbs all on your couch again
Black dick all in your spouse again
And I know she like chocolate men
She got more niggas off than Cochran, huh
On sight, on sight
How much do I not give a fuck?
Let me show you right now 'fore you give it up
How much do I not give a fuck?
Let me show you right now 'fore you give it up
Oh, he'll give us what we need
It may not be what we want
Baby girl, try and get a nut
Duna-duna, try and give it up, uh
Choppin' up, ah
Done fourth announcin'
Dun-dun-dun-dun, days of counclin'
I'm off somethin', four days of mousin'
Bounce of somethin', gon' keep it bouncin'
Countin' on somethin', I'ma keep it dousin'








You know, oh you know, I just want you to know
Turn me up, turn me up loud to, loud l-l-l-l-loud, yea, yea!
I just want you to know, I just want you to know
I just want you to know, this boy here finna' blow
Southside up in here, Westside up in here
Eastside up in here, throw your hands in the air
Kanye the best in the game, now we got that, that thing clear
Kanye West is the name, Southside up in here
Y'all niggas stole the soul, y'all niggas all some clones
Y'all need to change y'all tone, nigga I control the gold
Motherfucker close the do', light the weed and let the douja blow
Why you keep bawlin' though girl, you ain't been around niggas before?
Why my chain rosey gold, why my wrist below zero
How the hell I know B-Lo, why them girls tell you no means no
No means no just as sure as green means go, green means paper
Dream team, caper we see haters like shorty on the 'Sixth Sense'
Y'all finna' see some dead people, come through ya block and air people
My people ain't scared people, only FIG-I-AIR people
This track really hot so I gotta spit fire in here
Vogue and a flo, B-Lo represent west side in here
This thang West C-I, do you wanna smoke one to the dome
Better hit her good, knock on double wood
If it don't affect, then I'm gone
I drop bricks on blocks, I got sick on loc'
Radio keep my slide, fuck it nigga, I'm so high!
I set birds in them, but I'm not a Vir-Gee-In!
Platinum shit, that's my plan, if a nigga really want it then
Cadillac, slam the doors, keep a chick all in 'em oh
My niggas all from the go, Do Or Die way too cold
Iced out way to cold, my shit way to fro!
But a nigga already kno! But a nigga already know!
Rap profit, plat gothic, slash convict raps jock it, phat
Pockets mac, hopin' crack, poppin' stacks
Droppin' cakes, stoppin' wakes, knockin' hate
And you fakes, watchin' base, on relate
Gossip fakes and I make, options
In case I catch a case gots to pay, confrentrate
Need ya way, from this place, cause it ain't common
If this ain't the way, Kan-ye, then it's straight
Colleges, in ya veins cause you spit what you came from
Straight knowledge, I was raised in the street
Praised in my heat, holdin' on my Nextel
Hopin' for my next cell, focused on the best cell
Smokin' on a fresh L, posted like FedEx mail
Yo, by the way
This the Academics Genius Level Mixtape Volume 2
College dorm sweetheart, we are, we are, we are, we
We are, we are, we, we are
We are, we are, we, we are
We are, we are, we, we are
We are, we are, we, we are
This ain't nothin' but the truth
The ever put in to a good end
What you get out, some would put in
But it was my bright idea though
'Cause I was under somethin' on some lazy shit
Doin' beats for Nas on some Ye-zy shit
College dorm sweetheart, we are, we are, we are, we
We are, we are, we, we are
College dorm sweetheart, we are, we are, we are, we
We are, we are, we, we are
Poets wrote the Bible
In God we trust, an idol
And I know we all have our ways
In the temple, I was wrinkly as a Shar-Pei
Gotta write this shit in bold, please pass the Sharpie
You ain't runnin' sh-shit, you hater
Uh, uh, uh, yo
Harlem World gon' make me rich
Harlem World gon' take your bitch
Harlem World is the place to be
This M-A-Dollar Sign-E
Yo, hold up keep it steady
Y'all chicks ain't really ready
Y'all sweating Stase already
And I ain't pushing a Chevy
I ain't even lyin', I ain't even sign
People want my back
Yo, what's up with that?
See, running out the mouth gon' get your face slapped
Tell me do you like what you see
Is it tight as could be?
No, Mase ain't writing for me
And I have no desire to be
Or have fake chicks rhyme wit me
Uhh, you ain't my man, you ain't down wit me
You ain't certified Harlem World get from 'round me
And Mase my big brother thats why you surround me
You could drop me off the same place you found me
Cuz it won't be long before you have to crown me
If I'm chicken, I'm jerk chicken and we're flickin'
And men die with chicks, so am I worth kissin?
Sponsored by Orion Pictures
Keanu Reeves And Alex Winter Party On With Bill And Ted
SEE MORE
1 - I hate the ones that don't suck no (ow)
I hate the ones who date them dumb chicks
I hate the ones who wanna get you for your dough
Wanna be a (ow)? Be a (ow), on the low
I hate the ones that don't suck no (ow)
I hate the ones who date them dumb chicks
I hate the ones who wanna get you for your dough
Wanna be a (ow)? Be a (ow), on the low
Yo, it's only right that you hold me tight
Even though we fight, because the dough be like
When the dough be right
You know we havin a ball
Sippin on cristall and all
Chicks smile and all
Yo' dealing wit fishkill and oil
Ice on the wrist dial and all
But nevertheless, boo there was never a test
That stopped me from loving you best
I'm hypnotized, girl by your hips and thighs
Definitely your lips and eyes
Them chicks can slide
They tryin' to be all in the mix
Your girlfriend ballin' a 6, and holdin' my tip
But boo, there's only room for 2
Until I get the coupe for you
You know how I do
And then you could scoop your crew
And do what you wants to do
Repeat 1
Naughty, Naughty, Naughty
I went from cradle to crawlin', to a stroller
Way I was strollin' and hopin when I get older
That I be holy
Kicks to camp *** floatin' with Naught'
A boat and a yacht
Was all that I was hopin to rock
As a young kid stacked and eventually learned
That money was made for that
Never meant to be burned
Why lets all get this
Using that 'I murder you face'
I be the youngest nigga pushin' a convertible eight
But thought *** to that they gon' taste this ***
Got some honies to the back so they can chase my dick
When I die they'll be a headstone big as a ***
And a pack of fifty redbones diggin' me up
For the fact, played it back
And I'm tryin' to see me, a house and six floors
And peranhas a week
Got a spouse, deep throats while I'm tryin' to sleep
Lookin' out for B-4's every diamond creek
But you slow money, cuz it's better than no money
I only crap out when I play with your money
You know Huddy, still sittin' on old money
I only hang wit Mase cuz he keeps them hoes for me
Kick a little bit, but yo I'm no dummy
Your girl love me, so you keeping your girl from me
And tellin' lies, gettin caught in different rides
Wit different guys, stay different in different pops, what
Repeat 1 until fade
'64 Impala, 100 spoke Daytons
Drive in '95 tryna run away from Satan
Used to dribble rock as a kid like Jason
When my mother was at church every Sunday like Mason
Prayin' for her baby boy, sittin' in a Lazy Boy
Like "I'ma beat the shit out this crazy boy"
That was '97, I was in high school
Nobody told me my grandmother would die soon
I mean, Jesus Christ knew
Why he ain't pull me on my pants, let me tell me big momma was fightin' cancer
Four months passed, Jesus never answered
So I looked at gangbangin' like "uh, I'ma chance it"
Red rag in my pocket, Cedar Block on my neck
For the last seven years I've been a prophet of death
And even though I got shot in the chest
I persevered, now Jimmy Iovine' name on the bottom of my checks
So it's G-Unit West
I'll never forget when my brother died, forget when my cousin died
Forget 9/11 when all of them mothers died
So fuck Sadam, Bin Laden and them other guys
Told my baby sister "pray when your brother fly"
And any other nigga tryna make my mother cry
You will get a grave for that shit Joe Budden tried
You seen High Top in Colors, right?
We nothing alike, 'cause me, I take motherfuckas lives
Got a thousand niggas that wanna ride
And they all follow me like I'm the son of God
So I raise the dead in my songs, spray lead if I'm wrong
But I shall break bread with God till I'm dead and gone

Close your eyes and imagine, feel the magic
Vegas on acid, seen through Yves St. Laurent glasses
I've realized that I've arrived
'Cause it take more than a magazine to kill my Vibe
Does he write his own rhymes? Well, sort of, I think 'em
That mean I forgot better shit than you ever thought of
Damn, is he really that caught up?
I ask, if you talkin' 'bout classics, do my name get brought up?
I remember I couldn't afford a Ford Escort
Or even a four-track recorder
So it's only right that I let the top drop on a drop-top Porsche
Spoil yourself, that's important
If your stripper name "Porsche" and you get tips from many men
Then your fat friend, her nickname is "Minivan"
Excuse me, that's just the Henny, man
I smoke, I drink, I'm supposed to stop, I can't, because—

Uh, I was sick about awards, couldn't nobody cure me
Only playa that got robbed but kept all his jewelry
Alicia Keys tried to talk some sense in him
Thirty minutes later, seein' there's no convincin' him
What more could you ask for? The international asshole
Who complain about what he is owed?
Throw a tantrum like he is three years old
You gotta love it though, I still speak from my soul
Wouldn't change by the change or the game or the fame
Came in the game, he made his own lane
All I need is y'all to pronounce my name
It's Kanye, but some of my plaques, they still say Kayne
Got family in the D, Kin-folk from Motown
Back in the Chi, them Folks ain't from Moe Town
Life movin' too fast, you need to slow down
Girl ain't give me no ass, you need to go down
Father been said I need Jesus
So he took me to church and let the water wash over my caesar
The preacher said we need leaders
Right then, my body got still like a paraplegic
You know who you call; you got a message, then leave it
The Roc stand tall and you would never believe it
Take your diamonds, throw 'em up like you bulimic
Yeah, the beat cold, but the flow is anemic
After debris settles and the dust get swept off
Big K pick up where young Hov left off
Right when magazines wrote Kanye West off
I dropped my new shit, it sound like the best of
A&R's lookin' like, "Pssh, we messed up"
Grammy night, damn right, we got dressed up
Bottle after bottle 'til we got messed up
Studio, with Really Doe, yeah, he next up
People askin' me is I'm gon' give my chain back
That'll be the same day I give the game back
You know the next question, dog: "Yo, where Dame at?"
This track the Indian dance to bring our reign back
"What's up with you and Jay, man? Are y'all okay, man?"
They pray for the death of our dynasty like "Amen"
R-r-r-r-right here stands a man
With the power to make a diamond with his bare hands


Just like I fall in your arms, oh
Just like the stars and the moon moving down
I-I-I-I-I-I, ohh, I
I'm not gon' lie, when I seen her
Made me feel high as the sun at 12pm
Pullin' up in that new toy
The wrist on that boy rockstar like Pink Floyd
Waving at rude boy, I'm wavin' at you, boy
Ran off on the plug too like Trugoy
Imagine me do-boy, you could never do what I do, boy
Still, duckin' shit that I did, boy
Niggas in Paris 'fore Hit-Boy
These ain't the same type of hits, boy
Shit can get litter than lit, boy
You don't take these type of risks, boy
'Cause this boy been throwin' that D like Rich Boy
You missed, boy; ya numbers don't add up on the blow
That was ten years ago – if you know, you know (Yeah)
If you know, you know
Bricklayers in ball shorts
Coachin' from the side of the ball courts
(If you know, you know)
This thing of ours, oh, this thing of ours
A fraternity of drug dealers ringin' off
I just happen to be alumni
Too legit, they still lookin' at me with one eye
The company I keep is not corporate enough
Child Rebel Soldier, you ain't orphan enough
A rapper turned trapper can't morph into us
But a trapper turned rapper can morph into Puff
Dance contest for the smokers
I predict snow, Al Roker
(If you know, you know)
I only ever looked up to Sosa
You all get a bird, this nigga Oprah
Bricklayers in ball shorts
Coachin' from the side of the ball court
(If you know, you know)
One stop like a Walmart
We got the tennis balls for the wrong sport
(If you know, you know)
If you know 'bout the carport
The trap door's supposed to be awkward
(If you know, you know)
That's the reason we ball for
Circle round twice for the encore
(If you know, you know)
You ever been hit with the water weight
Then had to weigh, "Do you war or wait?"
(If you know, you know)
When we all clickin' like Golden State
And you and your team are the motorcade
(If you know, you know)
Been grantin' wishes like a genie
Two bad hoes in two-piece bikinis
I've been hidin' where you can see me
The skybox is right next to RiRi's
Solely responsible for showin' rappers how to stand
On the front lines when trappers started throwin' bands
Where were you when Big Meech brought the tigers in?
'Cause I was busy earnin' stripes like a tiger's skin
Bricklayers in ball shorts
Coachin' from the side of the ball court
(If you know, you know)
One stop like a Walmart
We got the tennis balls for the wrong sport
(If you know, you know)
If you know 'bout the carport
The trap door supposed to be awkward
(If you know, you know)
That's the reason we ball for
Circle 'round twice for the encore
(If you know, you know)
That girl looking good over there man. What should I do?
It's your big brother Kanye To The. And I know how you feel about shawty. Man, I was going through the same thing when I was your age
I got you

And the party was just so tense is
But all this waiting around is just so senseless
And I've been calling her phone so relentless
Mama said the phone bill was so expensive
Your eyes slanted like Lucy Liu
You're frank couture to the juicy suit
Your lips sweater than a Juicy Fruit
From your Louie Vuitton bag to your Gucci boots
Whether we on a train or a two seat Coupe
I'mma fiend for you like Pookie do
She was there with her man, some goofy dude
And I ain't really trying to be rude to dude
All I need is a change to advance, take my hand
Understand from a dance I could end up your man
If I'd been scared wouldn't have seen her again
Oh
And If you've ever been in love I wanna hear you sing it as loud as you can, sing
Suddenly I'm not afraid to try and love someone
Suddenly I feel like now my heart can open up
And suddenly I'm thinkin' maybe you could be the one
Finally I think it might be right to fall in love
So fly on, fly high, come on Cupid hit a bulls-eye
Please don't let me down this time
I think I finally found that guy
So fly on, fly high, come on Cupid hit a bulls-eye
Please don't let me down this time
Cupid, I think I'm ready, ready to fall in love
I've been up and down so many times in love
And through it all, still I think I've never really known true love
But this time it could very well be a possibility
Finally, hopefully, you won't let me down this time
He could be the man of my eternity, but I don't know
If the future has him here with me, but I do know
That the way he makes me feel is so lovely
Mentally, Spiritually, he completes me, Cupid please come closer to me

Now Cupid's shooting, taking a bow
You never knew love, we making it now
Yap, yap, yap
I use your face as a urinal, then do the same at your funeral
Piss on your grave, piss on your grave, piss on your grave
Piss on your grave, piss on your grave, piss on your grave
This one here for the executives, fuck you and all your relatives
Piss on your grave, piss on your grave, piss on your grave
Piss on your grave, piss on your grave
Nigga behave
Nigga behave, nigga behave
Niggas in, ayy, niggas been bumpin' the messes
Niggas got so many questions
Fuck you and fuck you, your bestests
Talkin' some shit on my methods
I piss on your grave, piss on your grave
Piss on your grave, piss on your grave, piss on your grave
Turn this up, teacher
Play this in the third grade, in the third grade
This one right here for the kids at the grade
In the third grave
How come you want it? Can't fuck with the bitch
This one ain't fair, this one for family
This one the damn, this one I thank
That's when thought it was safe and it wasn't
Pointer me, Allah, some on your water
I'm callin' your mada, call on the collar
Tell me right now
Do you really want to spend your whole life alone?
A little time out might do you good
Might do us good, before we be done for good
Cause I can make it good, I can make it hood
I can make you come, I can make you go
I can make you high, I can make it fly
Make it touch the sky, Hey maybe so
All of the time you be up in my checkin' through my cellphone, baby no
You wanna kill the vibe on another night, here's another fight
Oh, here we go (x6)
Why are you so paranoid?
Why are you so paranoid?
Why are, why are you so paranoid?
They said that drum machines ain't got no soul
They said rap was a fad, but its surpassed rock and roll
Yeah my jeans are tight, and my hoes is white
And they play my songs, in the club, every night
We done lit the fuse, we done fuckin' blew
Blame it on the goose but don't blame it on the auto tunes, oh
Why are you so paranoid?
Why are you so paranoid?
Why are, why are you so paranoid?
Tight pants, Party Rock shirt
She on my jock (uh-huh), no need to flirt (nah)
Haters mad, say I look funny (oh)
But how you look funny with a pocket fulla' money? (can't do it)
Stay grillin', imma stay chillin'
Shots all around when a nigga in the buildin'
Party Rock, album in stores
Get one for your mama and one for your hoe!
Why are you so paranoid?
Why are you so paranoid?
Why are, why are you so paranoid?
Have you ever wondered where'd it all really went?
Wondered if you'd ever, ever find your dreams?
Wondered if you'd ever, ever find your dreams?
Wondered if life had never been that it seems?
Wondered if life is all about the high beams?
The flashin' light, tryin' to get your money right
And you be up all night, tryin' to stay fresh today
Fresh like Mr. West and I'm proudly the best
I been sold on to that guest
Uh, the number one on the charts
Why is that? Because I rap from the heart
What I always did from the start
How I always played my part
Uh, they thought I was so crazy, I got a deal with Jay Z
Now they got to pay me and they looked up lately
I sold a million the first week
'Member when I just sold my first beat
Shit can change and it never stayed the same
Ma, I wonder, I wonder what it would be now
What it would be now, you all standin' in the crowd
Ten thousand, now they hate everythin' now
Everythin' now
Or every single I dropped now, I dropped now
Tryin' do everythin' to keep shit hot now
And the media, they diss me, diss me
They say I'm so fuckin' evil
Ayo, ayo, ayo, ayo, ayo, what the fuck do he know?
Cause I'm gonna say my, my shit
And I'm gonna talk my, my shit
And they can suck my, my, my, my
I wonder why they talk so bad
Have they ever had a artist that's so mad?
And they will never realize what they have
Somebody real in the industry
If nobody's real, then I guess it's me
And they, "Freedom," and it's not free
Cause every time I talk freely they attack me
They give me backlash, backlash, backlash
Black, but they can kiss my ass, my ass, my ass, my ass
I say, "Why ask? Why ask? Why?"
Try but try, can they's fly?
Now touch the sky, touch the sky, touch the sky
And I wonder, baby, to can know what it means
What we know
And I wonder, baby, if you know what it means
For my theme song (Black)
My leather black jeans on (Black)
Got her bikini on
Research, her thing on
Tell me your theme song
Tell 'em, I leaned on
I'm gonna do something I lean on
With my bling on and my thing on
Got 'em all watching when I walked in
Tellin' me stop with my black skin
Couldn't do nothing when I walked in
But the black-just like a black tint
Lookin' for somethin' and you got it
You don't know what you got it
'Till it start runnin' and you got it
They got head and they can't win
Take it you wanna to the corner
Trapped out the corner
Four in the mornin', rock in the sauna
And I'm on it, I'm gon' get on it
And I'ma keep going, smoke marijuana
Bitch you want it? You can see that 'till the morning
Trust me, it's stolen, 'till the morning
And I got it and I'm on it (Ah, ah)
I'm doing 500, I gotta perform (Ah)
They don't wanna go (Ah)
I capped but I'm on the corner (Ah)
I know when they run up
Know what they know when they run up
Take it you wanna to the corner
Trapped out the corner
Four in the mornin', rock in the sauna
And I'm on it, I'm gon' get on it
And I'ma keep going, smoke marijuana
Bitch you want it? You can see that 'till the morning
Trust me, it's stolen, 'till the morning
And I got it and I'm on it (Ah, ah)
For my theme song (Black)
My leather black jeans on (Black)
Got her bikini on
Research, her thing on
Tell me your theme song
Tell 'em, I leaned on
I'm gonna do something I lean on
With my bling on and my thing on
Got 'em all watching when I walked in
Tellin' me stop with my black skin
Couldn't do nothing when I walked in
But the black-just like a black tint
Lookin' for somethin' and you got it
You don't know what you got it
'Till it start runnin' and you got it
They got head and they can't win
Take it you wanna to the corner
Trapped out the corner
Four in the mornin', rock in the sauna
And I'm on it, I'm gon' get on it
And I'ma keep going, smoke marijuana
Bitch you want it? You can see that 'till the morning
Trust me, it's stolen, 'till the morning
And I got it and I'm on it (Ah, ah)
I'm doing 500, I gotta perform (Ah)
They don't wanna go (Ah)
I capped but I'm on the corner (Ah)
I know when they run up
Know what they know when they run up
I want my cash stacked real high
Mu and Yak we still fly
Lift my drink up to the sky
Cause that's where I wanna be tonight
In the day I'm outta sight
But I'm always around at night
Till the freaks come out at night
Like Michael Jackson Thriller right
Ya doing it, kill it, pop the trunk and put two in it
Feel it, I don't give up, I'm doing it
Picking Mu up in the tank, come thru in it
And start shootin shit
And all the bitches wanna know who I'm wit
(Weathermen Motherfuckers!)
So I tell em come one come all
To the crib for the players ball
And all you gotta do is call
1-800-DROP-THEM-DRAWERS
We can get intimate, Doing push-ups on you all militant
Bitch I don't give a shit
I might love you tonight but I'm still a pimp
You love the way that I hold it down
Like I'm rich with a chain all frozen now
You know the kid Yak Biz like a 40 Cal
When he spittin, all the thugs and the hoes like wowww
Yo kid is nice. They wanna know what he's really like
Shorty trying to find out if I'm her type
I gotta man but I need him in my life
Ya you fucking right, Yak Ballz is nothing nice
Come fly in like a kite
And that's cool, that's where I wanna be tonight
I want my cash stacked real high
Mu and Yak we still fly
Lift my drink up to the sky
Cause that's where I wanna be tonight
Everybody lined up at the bar
After 12 shots of Cuervo I crashed my car
Don't you see me bleeding, cop put the gun away
Cause I put my injured ass back in the club
12 model mommys at the door looking for love
Too bloody for the bouncer now he's looking for gloves
I can be honest I know this noise scary
Put out a lot of bloody money ordered a Bloody Mary
Get a knife, scrape it off ya brain
And if it's off the hook, and the lines out the door
And I'm here then it's off the chain
6 model mommy's starting stuff, shaking they stuff
Homo thugs outside fighting looking for slugs
Look they making up now they looking for love
Let me see them tits before I have to throw up
Cause shit cuz, Ima fall at the same strip club
Cause I came here expecting a dick rub
Drinks full of drip blood, needle stuck in my dick
Plus niggas in the back smacking they bitch up
I want my cash stacked real high
Mu and Yak we still fly
Lift my drink up to the sky
Cause that's where I wanna be tonight
I swear, I would lock the door if the cops came and tell em you gone
I swear, I would rest in eternal sleep if they would let you live a little bit more
I swear, I'd give em my right arm, if they would just leave you alone
Tell the truth, how much do I love ya
Tell the truth, more than you'll ever know
I' told you from childhood nigga I will always be wit ya
Through hell or hot water it'll be me and you nigga
This can go down in the test of time
Whether Ripley believe it or not, make it happen once in a lifetime
Kinda hard to find, two niggas that growed up on two different sides of town
That get down like I get down, and done his like I done mine
Hit it off first time around, been solid as the foundation under the house
This some, shit for us to brag about (bout it bout it)
We answered the question and never had to take the time to think out
That's why I'll ride for my nigga, cry for my nigga
Die for my nigga
Hold ya one hand in the sky for ya nigga
Tell them you gone always remember
I swear, I would lock the door if the cops came and tell em you gone
I swear, I would rest in eternal sleep if they would let you live a little bit more
I swear, I'd give em my right arm, if they would just leave you alone
Tell the truth, how much do I love ya
Tell the truth, more than you'll ever know
You know you one of the reasons I'm still breathin cause without you I don't know where in the hell I would be
(homeboy)
You know life's been hard at home (homeboy)
That's what made us turn to the streets (homeboy)
I think that's what had us claimin thugs, sellin drugs
Duckin from the fuckin police, indulgin in
Booze and women, foolish niggas
Young, dumb, and off the leash
Outta control, but I wouldn't change it
If I could I would do it the same (if I can do it)
But if it wasn't for the game, teachin us game
We prolly would be stuck with the lames (but DAWG)
Somehow we made it, and I'm glad that I can tell ya today
That my nigga gone always be my nigga
Cuz that's the way it's ‘pose to be
I swear, I would lock the door if the cops came and tell em you gone
I swear, I would rest in eternal sleep if they would let you live a little bit more
I swear, I'd give em my right arm, if they would just leave you alone
Tell the truth, how much do I love ya
Tell the truth, more than you'll ever know
Sometimes I wanna play some ball, Sometimes I wanna walk through the mall
(Sometimes I Wanna play some ball, and just walk through the mall)
Sometimes it ain't about the broads, and I just wanna spend some time alone
(Sometimes it ain't about the broads, and I just wanna spend some time alone wit my niggas)
Sometimes I wanna hop in the car, and drive till tomorrow
(Sometimes I wanna hop in the car, and just drive till tomorrow)
Sometimes I wanna pick the phone, just to see what's goin on
(Sometimes I gotta pick up the phone, just to see what's goin on wit my niggas)
I swear, I would lock the door if the cops came and tell em you gone
I swear, I would rest in eternal sleep if they would let you live a little bit more
I swear, I'd give em my right arm, if they would just leave you alone
Tell the truth, how much do I love ya
Tell the truth, more than you'll ever know
I swear, I would lock the door if the cops came and tell em you gone
I swear, I would rest in eternal sleep if they would let you live a little bit more
I swear, I'd give em my right arm, if they would just leave you alone
Tell the truth, how much do I love ya
Tell the truth, more than you'll ever know

(If I shoot you) I'm brainless
(If you shoot me) then you're famous
(What's a nigga to do?) Hann
(What's a nigga to do?) Hann
(What's a nigga to do?)
(If I shoot you) I'm brainless
(If you shoot me) then you're famous
(What's a nigga to do?) Hann
(What's a nigga to do?) Hann
(What's a nigga to do?)

(If I shoot you) I'm brainless
(If you shoot me) then you're famous
(What's a nigga to do?) Hann
(What's a nigga to do?) Hann
(What's a nigga to do?)
(If I shoot you) I'm brainless
(If you shoot me) then you're famous
(What's a nigga to do?) Hann
(What's a nigga to do?) Hann
(What's a nigga to do?)

(If I shoot you) I'm brainless
(If you shoot me) then you're famous
(What's a nigga to do?) Hann
(What's a nigga to do?) Hann
(What's a nigga to do?)
(If I shoot you) I'm brainless
(If you shoot me) then you're famous
(What's a nigga to...)
Yo
I go by the name of Kan the louis Vuitton Don
I'm chillin with my homegirl Myleka, and she wanted to let you know something real quick





If you got any little freak in you then I’mma find it
These niggas read the pimp manual but I designed it
I see you bouncing it up and down and ooh I like it
I know you gonna be mine, because ooh I’m psychic
You said you taste like candy do, right?
Why don’t you go ahead, let me get two bites
How about this: bust out the whip cream
Let’s have a real freaky food fight
Oh no, it’s getting too tight
So I never ever say I’m ever too tight
If I come in the middle tonight then Myleka I’mma do whatever you like


Aww
Yeah, 9th Wonder on the beat (Aww)
I can't front man, you got some hot beats
It's your boy Kanye Tutta
Got Consequence in here, (I see now) Little Brotha (I see now)
Yeah, I want y'all to listen
Question.. (Aww)
Now how the hell I end up arguin' wit this bitch? (Aww)
Know everything, but don't know shit (Aww)
Kinda reminiscant of Anna Nicole Smith (Aww)
I just turn my music up like damn that's some cold shit (Aww)
I mighta known about a couple of months
Since then she gained a couple of chunks
She went from bein' a strobe light
To that old lady on Boomerang
Lady yellow ease I need no lights
And I swear she a riot folks
How she order all that food and a mothafuckin' diet Coke?
He said you lyin' yo, why is you lyin' yo
Cut it out quit it G, you hurtin' my kid-i-neys
Naw, she talkin' bout a couple of kids for me (Aww)
She hit and had a ring from Tiffany's
Right then and there I had an epiphany
I swear since that day I've been treatin' fat hoes differently
Aww, I see now!
You was hurt and you on the rebound (Aww)
Ben & Jerry's and Mickey D's now
And you just gone gain all that weight on me now (Naw)
Naaw, fall back, (yeah) if I ain't a playa then what the hell you call that?
A nigga disrespect me I'ma be in all black
But baby if you let me I'ma take it all back


Yo I swear I'ma take this truck back man
I mean I got the new G5 whatever, that shit be in shop every 2 weeks
I told 'em.. I told 'em if y'all don't take this back and give me all my money back
And trade me in for the CL I'm gonna put it on this Little Brother song in 2 weeks
And they ain't believe me but.. Now I'ma let y'all know don't go out and buy the G5
I swear like it's a bad look for the girls, really they get in the car
And they always wanna look over and be like
"Aw nigga, yo check engine light on, it's on"
I'm like "ya top on, so we got 2 things we tryin to get off right here"
They don't like that
I take it back, I take it back, I just say it to get you maaad, I take it back
I could prove somethin' to you
Y'all been in North Carolina for 2 days, where the hoes at my nig?
We don't fall in love
(B-B-B-B-Bound to fall in love)
Shut up doja, you stupid
(Bound to fall in love)
Uh-huh, honey
Dudes be 21 lookin' 19 actin' young
Chicks be 14 lookin' 18 actin' drunk
I fuckin' flunked, exaggerated
Learned more on the web, coulda graduated (¡Woo!)
You didn't want none of my friendship but I'm glad you made it
And I'm glad you hated and I'm glad you faded
Cuz if we thought alike, you wouldn't extract the payment
Aww man, I'm sayin' stop playin' mane
Maybe you'd extract the payment
"Doja a crazy bitch, you a psychopath"
At least I never fire back I go and write a rap
Cuz we ain't got time for ya tired crap
Roshod, Kyle, Jerry, Dave, and all my fans
We ain't puttin' shine on ya tired crap
Said, we ain't puttin' shine on ya tired crap
We left it all behind, we don't desire cash
We don't admire that 'bag a bitch like designer bags'
You ain't the one type of nigga for a ten
You soft as no dick, by: Ken
Tryna holla back like a bitch, I heard you sayin' Byron
Falling in love
See, we don't fall in love, nigga, we don't fall in love
Uh uh, falling in love
We don't fall in love, nigga, we don't fall in love
No-n-n-n-oh-oh-uh-uh-oh-uh-uh-uh-oh
We don't fall in love, nigga, we don't fall in love
No we don't uh-uh-uh-oh
And I swear she a riot folks
How she order all that food and a motherfucking Diet Coke?
He said "You lying yo, why is you lying Joe?
Cut it out, quit it G, you hurting my kid-i-neys."
Naw, she talking bout a couple of kids for me
She's hinting at a ring from Tiffany's
Right then and there I had an epiphany
I swear since that day I've been treating fat girls differently
She told me if you read music you a genius
I don't play but I'll introduce you to my pianist
She said you need a little ice just to keep me cool
No dimes but baby here go the family jewels
I'm tight with my doe like my family Jews
Uh! I said "Jews" my career is screwed
I ain't mean in the Hanukkah sense of the word
I realize it's a sensitive word
Plus a lot of best friends is white
I mean ah, I mean my Air 1's, my diamonds and my Benz is white
And I ain't one of them producers that pretend to write
Ayo, Teefa, uh why don't you come on grab the mic
Yo yo
I know you use to being a womanizer
Coming at me and girls talking 'bout a men-a-
You're some fool
Thinking I'm gon' strip like Moulin Rouge
While you biting off my garter
I'm not easy you gotta come harder
I want a man, not just a baby father
Haha
Why you kick it with your guys fo'?
You got eyes for girls, just spread it out
You done pissed Teefa off like draining my bladder out
Haha



Ayo my Rocafella chain hurt the game very bad
My girl rocking the little lamb that Mary had
A little bit of Ghost’s style mixed with Mos's style
I'm versatile I'm the poster child
Getting cheese so I'm suppose to smile, get it
We making hits like Sosa now, hit it
And I hate when girls acting bougie as hell
And I already seen them naked like Blu Cantrell
Aw, forget it, forget it
Here we go (Here we go)
Like you should (Like you should)
Let on the sweat (Feel the sweat)
On your face (On your face)
Here we go (Here we go)
Like you should (Like you should)
(S1 got that heat)
Let on the sweat (Feel the sweat)
On your face (On your face)
So good (So good)
So good (So good)
Here we go (Here we go)
Alright (Alright)
Here we go (Here we go)
Like you should (Like you should)
Let on the sweat (Feel the sweat)
On your face (On your face)
Ahurrah! (Ahurrah!)
Ahurrah! (Ahurrah!)
Ahurrah! (Ahurrah!)
Ahurrah! (Ahurrah!)
Ahurrah! (Ahurrah!)
Ahurrah! (Ahurrah!)
Ahurrah! (Ahurrah!)
Ahurrah! (Ahurrah!)
Ahurrah! (Ahurrah!)
Ahurrah! (Ahurrah!)
Ahurrah! (Ahurrah!)
Ahurrah! (Ahurrah!)
Ahurrah! (Ahurrah!)
Ahurrah! (Ahurrah!)
Ahurrah! (Ahurrah!)
Ahurrah! (Ahurrah!)
Here we go (Here we go)
Like you should (Like you should)
Let on the sweat (Feel the sweat)
On your face (On your face)
Here we go (Here we go)
Like you should (Like you should)
Let on the sweat (Feel the sweat)
On your face (On your face)
So good (So good)
So good (So good)
Here we go (Here we go)
Alright (Alright)
Here we go (Here we go)
Like you should (Like you should)
Let on the sweat (Feel the sweat)
On your face (On your face)
Ahurrah! (Ahurrah!)
Ahurrah! (Ahurrah!)
Ahurrah! (Ahurrah!)
Ahurrah! (Ahurrah!)
Ahurrah! (Ahurrah!)
Ahurrah! (Ahurrah!)
Ahurrah! (Ahurrah!)
Ahurrah! (Ahurrah!)
But I never thought that you would be just like you seems
What do I know?
I'm D'Banj
This is G.O.O.D. Music
Oh
You can't see me no more
You can't hold me no more
You can't see me no more
You can try, oh you can try
You can't see me no more
You can't hold me no more
You can't see me no more
You can try, oh you can try
Walk in heavens, hallelujah
Feel the trials, but I'ma triumph
Nothin' to worry, not in a hurry
You can say what you want, quit standin' like a mummy
Oh, I'm lovin' the life that I'm livin' right now
Have friends in high places right now
I'm makin' more than I'm spendin' right now
People talkin', tryna start that shit with me right now
Oh I'm lovin' that
Oh I'm lovin' that
Oh I'm lovin' that
Oh I'm love, oh
Oh I'm lovin' that
Oh I'm love....
You can't see me no more
You can't hold me no more
You can't see me no more
You can try, oh you can try
You can't see me no more
You can't hold me no more
You can't see me no more
You can try, oh you can try
Hmm yeaaaaah
Hmm yeaaaaah
I'm tired of this shit now
Quit this shit now
Tired of this hmmm now
Oh shit; What do I do now?
I said I said I know
You can't see me no more
You can't hold me no more
You can't see me no more
You can try, oh you can try
You can't see me no more
You can't hold me no more
You can't see me no more
You can try, oh you can try
Buddah bless this beat









In the night I hear 'em talk
The coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul to a woman so heartless
Yeah yea
How could you be so heartless? Oh
How could you be so heartless?
How could you be so
Cold as the winter wind when it breeze, yo?
Just remember that you talkin' to me though
You need to watch the way you talkin' to me, yo
I mean, after all the things that we been through
I mean, after all the things we got into
Yeah, I know of some things that you ain't told me
I did some things but that's the old me
And now you wanna get me back and you gon' show me
So you walk around like you don't know me
You got a new friend, well, I got homies
But in the end, it's still so lonely
In the night I hear 'em talk
The coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul to a woman so heartless, yeah
How could you be so heartless?
How could you be so heartless?
How could you be so Dr. Evil?
You're bringin' out a side of me that I don't know
I decided we wasn't gon' speak so
Why we up 3 AM on the phone?
Why do she be so mad at me fo'?
Homie, I don't know, he's hot and cold
I won't stop, won't mess my groove up
‘Cause I already know how this thing go
In the night I hear 'em talk
The coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul to a woman so heartless
How could you be so heartless?
Yeah, how could you be so heartless?
Talk and talk and talk and talk
Baby, let's just knock it off
They don't know what we been through
They don't know 'bout me and you
So I got somethin' new to see
And you just gon' keep hatin' me
And we just gon' be enemies
I know you can't believe
I could just leave it wrong
And you can't make it right
I'm gon' take off tonight into the night
In the night, I hear 'em talk
The coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul to a woman so heartless
How could you be so heartless?
Oh, how could you be so heartless?




You don't know my name
Round and round and round we go, will you ever know
They don't, they don't know yo' name either
You know what I'm sayin'?
I'm sayin', he don't even know what he's doin' to me
Yes I do
I be feelin' all crazy inside, I'm feelin' like
I do?, haha, yeah, come on



I want some, don't try me, I'll set this bitch on fire
Told the chauffeur, won't you shut the fuck up and drive?
Told my mama, I don't need your fucking advice
Since then I have never felt so alive
Help me out
Help me out...
Tell me now
I know, hey, hey, hey
They want to tear me down
Paper thin, paper thin
...if you ask it be
Followers, minions
...My paper thin love
I write you up just to tear you down
I can't deny you, you're my
Paper thin love
I write you up, to tear you down
Paper love
I write you up just to tear you down
Let me master America
Kill the culture
Spike a blunt
Make a spiritual
Let me master America
Kill the culture
Spike a blunt
Make a spiritual
Let me master America
Kill the culture
Spike a blunt
Make a spiritual
Let me master America
Kill the culture
Spike a blunt
Make a spiritual
Why did Kanye say that?
What is Kanye thinking?
What is Kanye drinking man?
Why did Kanye say that?
What is Kanye thinking?
What is Kanye drinking man?
At this point, I just wonder if Mr. West understands that
We're questioning his credibility
We, we just don't understand
This beat make me wanna see a big booty bitch
Hash up throwin' thunder
Like Ye through this shit
But I can't sucka tell you 'tis a freak at the this shit
Let me see you turn around
Let me see you take a pic
Let me see you stake it down
God the sun will back it down
Let me see you take it all
I've been soft
You was fine
You a boss
No don't treat me like no John
Don't man treat me like a John
No don't treat me like no John
No don't treat me like no John
No you treat me like the Don
Y'all dealin' with Yan
Yuh, Yan
Y'all dealin' with Yan
That's for some a sleepy game
Big bitch don't make me yawn
Dealin' with a pawn
Dealin' with a thong
Everything's calm
Yan
Don't treat me like no John
Where the fuck you've been?
Where the fuck you live?
I just fuck your friend
Yea I'm goin' in
Do a new move
Finest on the 2-zoo
Nothin' nun to prove
I'm not coming Tucson
I just got a too long
Ok
Hit your stomach
Take one leg on a stomp
Like a common
Stretch one leg down
Put the other one
Touch your knees to your titty
Got a stomp on the stunnin' if you with me
Imma go real deep
Real real deep
With the pump
Put you to sleep
Get some real sleep, uh
Sleep real deep
Get a spill heat to the thot
Bih, bitch you been sleepified a week
Wake yo ass up
Take a boutta 'nother hour dick
One a thow stuff
Getting shut down
And she only thing she said
She said that bitch be coming quick
You brought some friends?
Ooh! Yea, you came equipped uh
Gonna stop uh
Yea you came to trip uh
She said she ready, go!
Why she always trippin'?
Keep movin' forward, keep movin' forward, keep movin' forward
Very rarely do you catch me out
Y'all done especially invited guests, me out
Y'all been tellin' jokes that's gon' stress me out
Soon as I walk in, I'm like "Let's be out"
I was off the chain, I was often drained
I was off the meds, I was called insane
What a awesome thing, engulfed in shame
I want all the rain, I want all the pain
I want all the smoke, I want all the blame
Cardio audio, let me jog your brain
Caught in the Audy Home, we was all detained
All of you Mario, it's all a game
I'm so, I'm so reborn, I'm movin' forward
Keep movin' forward, keep movin' forward
Ain't no stress on me Lord, I'm movin' forward
Keep movin' forward, keep movin' forward
I had my issues, ain't that much I could do
But, peace is something that starts with me, with me
At times, wonder my purpose
Easy then to feel worthless
But, peace is something that starts with me (with me)
Had so much on my mind, I didn't know where to go
I've come a long way from them hauntin' me
Had me feelin' oh so low
Ain't no stoppin' you no way
All things, the night before
Ain't no stoppin' you no way
No stress yes, I'm so blessed and
I'm so, I'm so reborn, I'm movin' forward
Keep movin' forward, keep movin' forward
Ain't no stress on me Lord, I'm movin' forward
Keep movin' forward, keep movin' forward
I'm so, I'm so reborn, I'm movin' forward
Keep movin' forward, keep movin' forward
Ain't no stress on me Lord, I'm movin' forward
Keep movin' forward, keep movin' forward
Which way do I go?
Keep movin' forward
Which way do I go?
Keep movin' forwards
These walls are closin' in
How long am I supposed to grin?
I've lost my will to win
Forgive my sin
As darkness approaches, and I'm fumblin' through the blunt roaches
Its lookin' hopeless, totally unfocused, stumblin' onto the front porch
Posted with my closest associates, we were so broke
Though a couple of us had sold dope, still humble enough to be po' folk
We comin' up to be grown folk, ain't dumb enough to be slow poke
Know the hours of death they grow close, so we give our lives to the utmost
Plus, here's a extra point, visualize the goal post
No, we not eatin' duck roast, but we live our lives to the utmost
Cause those pressure points are the corners that we cut close
Turn most civilized yeagas to cutthroats
And it's these men they send upstate by the truckloads
And herd 'em in to the Pen' like buffalos, I'm sayin'
The game was sold, not told to me
Heartache won't let go of me
Games say that I'll live and lie
But I'll try
Every which-a-way tell you the angles I done tossed and turned
And hit and missed, pissed cause of that didn't amount to this
Gettin' it ain't got a damn thing to do with keepin' shit
Workin' damn hard to get it, plans of not partin' with it
Life got a way of showin' you shit you can't bear to see
Tough keepin' float, settin' sail through a sea of Gs
Somethin' should happen on this night I lay me down to sleep
Wasn't happy with my friend, pray the lord my soul to keep
I'm 'bout 3000 miles from Graceland, 'bout a county from Macon
But you would think I'm arm reach from Satan
I got a strange way of tellin' the truth
Most felons do stuff between hearin' your story and tellin' it too
Stuck between numb and feelin' it
I'm right between calm and militant, on the search for deliverance
I'm three days from beatin' my case at the arraignment
This shit's basic, get to jail, get the statement
Born with the heart of a soldier
Right now I'm stuck behind bars but daddy told ya
I chose to march with Martin carryin' posters
They lock me down, but they usually hang us folks up
It's so tough, white man tryin' to control us
And mold us, assimilate our cultures, they doped us
Hell naw, I'm stayin' focused, I won't corrupt with evil
I'm forever fightin' for my people, for equal
(Fight for your rights)
"Ladies and gentlemen, I have some very sad news for all of you
Could you lower those signs please?
Martin Luther King was shot and was killed tonight.."
Number one, so together I'm eleven
She's a ten, I'm number one, together we eleven
Her friend only a seven, sent her to 7-Eleven
She a ten, she a seven, that make 'em seventeen
Let me see your ID, only seventeen?
Eesh, that could have fucked up everythin'
Nike, already don't like me, always on a white tee
Dressed like I'm hypebeast, signed through my white tee
Dont race against the American dream
Together we like the Kenyan marathon team
Three black rap acts that spit that crack
Never pushed that 'Lac, rather push somethin' German
Lookin' for a Swedish bitch that I could put my sperm in
Preach, my brother, gon' start the sermon
All I see is green, call me Erick Sermon
All I spit is thermal, long-sleeved flannel
When I touch the verse, don't touch the channel
Bought the rat a purse, she keep callin' it Chanel
Never hit a bitch anal, but I run shit annual
Now that's some dumb shit
I never hit a bitch anal, but I run shit, dumb bitch
And I mean that in a nicer sense to the word
Just act like I'm some type of nice sensitive nerd
I don't fiend female dogs
Cause I done dogged all females
Except for the ones that's only in it for the retail
She see what you got, she see what we sell
Get married so much, I swear them girls on resell
She watchin' the draft, she got your jersey already
She 'bout to pick out her crib in Jersey already
She 'bout to be pregnant by Thursday already
Congratulations, baby boy, on your new baby boy
Like these is all super pretty things that make you feel everything is safe
I got my polo shirt, I got my horse, it's all good
I got my cross on me
I agree, but I just think that when you have lives lost
As artists, that gives us an obligation to stand up against all of that kinda shit
You know, me putting the hat on forces an evolution because
There's, even for me, I know so much more in the past 3 days
Because I'm getting this energy, positive or negative
Agreeing with me, disagreeing with me
It's like, and that like sharpens the diamond, that shit
Our mind, our conscienceness the way we're thinking
Just breaking some shit
Your intentions, from what you tell me, are pure
But the direction that you took to get there is a bit unorthodox
And kind of... I would say - some people would say thoughtless
If I had not done what I felt and I just thought
Then it would've just never happened
And when I wear that hat it's like a fight for equality
Like "oh I can wear this hat too"
I think people get mad at me when I name my idols
And I don't say Michael Jordan, I say Disney
I just want you to consider all the people who just might be terribly, like, just torn apart and hurt
I really wanna take that hurt off of them and let them understand that I did not wear that hat to hurt them
Half the shit Trump does, I don't agree with
What half do you agree with?
Let's get that out
Just the ability to do what no one said you could do
To do the impossible is the most inspiring thing to me
Did you play that umm, the one that said
"Tell Daddy what you learned in school"
(You wanna play with that, boy?)
I wanna play with that, yeah
(Alright, okay)
"I was in debt and the car that broke
The same shit I've been saying for years they called it "loc"
The most successful man the one's who can afford the most mistakes
And play with them"
You could mix into that cause I basically gave a lotta my side on that
Sure
You know what I'm saying?
And your shit come in, you say
"Whoa whoa whoa, what you say?
How could that be?
You know what I'm saying?
The exact conversation we're having
And what would you say?
Sure
"Yeah I'm just trying to figure where you're trying to go with this
Some things you don't align with and some shit you just don't go against"
Let me hear it bro, let me see what we got here
"... you're goin' now
'Cause everything that you built can be destroyed and torn down"
"... know everybody emotional
"Would it be better if I rapped about selling crack?
Because it's cultural?
Or how about I'ma shoot you? Or fuck your bitch?
Or how about all this Gucci, or I'm fuckin' rich?"
Or uhh, I could fuck your bitch
"Here's a suggestion, be selective with your critical views
Of people who done made greater contributions than you"
"I know Obama was heaven-sent
But ever since Trump won, I felt like I could be president"
I just want you to know 3x
This boy here finna blow
Southside up in here, Westside up in here
Eastside up in here, throw your hands in the air
I just want you to know 3x
This boy here finna blow
Southside up in here, Westside up in here
Eastside up in here, throw your hands in the air
Kanye the best in the game, now we got that, that thing clear
Kanye West is the name, Southside up in here
Y'all niggas stole the soul, y'all niggas all some clones
Y'all need to change y'all tone, nigga I control the gold
Motherfucker close the do', light the weed and let the douja blow
Why you keep bawlin' though girl, you ain't been around niggas before?
Why my chain rosey gold, why my wrist below zero
How the hell I know B-Lo, why them girls tell you no means no
No means no just as sure as green means go, green means paper
Dream team, caper we see haters like shorty on the 'Sixth Sense'
Y'all finna' see some dead people, come through ya block and air people
My people ain't scared people, only FIG-I-AIR people






After long, afternoons good go
Sacred stories of home, they go
It's the code of Mamman Shata
Something only we know
That's the code named, Mamman Shata
Something only we know

Something only we know
Something only we know


Something only we know
Something only we know

Come they told me, pa rum pum pum pum
A new born King to see, pa rum pum pum pum
Our finest gifts we bring, pa rum pum pum pum
To lay before the King, pa rum pum pum pum
Rum pum pum pum, rum pum pum pum
The streets is crazy, pa rum pum pum pum (streets is crazy)
I am a poor boy too, pa rum pum pum pum (oh what can I get you)
Thou I would say something, pa rum pum pum pum (oh)
To represent our King, pa rum pum pum pum
What have I done? What have I done?
For the city
Straight up
I realize time and feelings, two things you can't reverse
I realize real life the only thing you can't rehearse
Drive slow, homie
Drive slow, homie
You never know, homie, about these hoes, homie
You need to pump your brakes and drive slow, homie
My homie Mali used to stay, 79th and May
One of my best friends from back in the day
Down the street from Calumet, a school full of Stones
He nicknamed me K-Rock so they would leave me alone
Bulls jacket with his hat broke way off
And walked around the mall with his radio face off
Plus he had the spinner from his Daytons in his hand
Keys in his hand, reason again to let you know he's the man
Back when we rocked Ellesses, he had dreams of Caprices
Drove by the teachers, even more by polices
How’d he get the cash? The day his father passed away
Left him with a lil' somethin', sixteen, he was stuntin’
Al B. Sure nigga with the hair all wavy
Hit Lake Shore, girls go all crazy
Hit the freeway, go at least 'bout eighty
Boned so much that summer, even had him a baby
See back-back then-then, if you had a car
You was the Chi-Town version of Baby
And I was just a virgin, a baby
One of the reasons I looked up to him crazy
I used to love to play my demo tape when the system yanked
Felt like I was almost signed when the shit got cranked
We'd take a Saturday and just circle the mall
They had they Lincolns and Auroras, we was hurtin' 'em all
With the girls, a lot of flirtin' involved, but dog
Fuck all that flirtin', I'm tryin’ to get in some drawers
So put me on with these hoes, homie
He told me don’t rush to get grown, drive slow, homie
Drive slow, homie
Drive slow
You never know, homie, about these hoes, homie
You need to pump your brakes and drive slow, homie
What it do?

Drive slow, homie, homie, homie
Turn your hazard lights on when you see them hoes
Drive slow, homie, home, homie
If you're riding around the city with nowhere to go
Drive slow, homie, homie, homie
Live today, ’cause tomorrow, man, you never know
You never know, homie, about these hoes, homie
You need to pump your brakes and drive slow, homie

Drive slow, drive slow
Drive slow, drive slow
Drive slow, drive slow
Drive slow, drive slow
Drive slow, drive slow
Drive slow, drive slow
Drive slow, drive slow
Drive slow, drive slow
Drive slow, drive slow
Drive slow, drive slow
Drive slow, drive slow
Drive slow, drive slow
Drive slow, drive slow
Drive slow, drive slow
What up, y'all?
That's GLC in the buildin'
It's G.O.O.D. Music, baby
We love
Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on
Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on
You know, you know I enjoy bein' here
And I love doin' songs from the new album, but
I gotta do a joint that, if it wasn't for this one right here
I would've never made it this far
Let's see if y'all remember this joint right here
I know that you’ve been waiting such a long time
For me to say to you
Just how I feel about you baby
Pardon, but I need to say to you
Girl I'm nervous, I won't lie
I know that time is passin' you by
So wake up (I want to eff you right now)
Please wake up
Don't want you thinkin' I don't try
But I'll admit there's things that I'm
Afraid of (I want you right now)
Please wake up, girl (I need you right now)
Baby, uh, you still sleep?
Can I interrupt your dreams?
Made ya breakfast
Freshly cut roses and a confession
You smellin' all good
I must have spilt a whole bottle of cologne on me
But there's things I've been meanin' to tell you
This ain't easy
Come on girl, wake up
I bet if I snatch this sheet off your ass
Damn, look at you
Layin' there with nothin' but your womanliness
Look at me makin' a mess
Well I'm gon' eat this french toast right off your booty
Truth is, every time I get ready to talk about real stuff
I can't get past this
Let me put it like this
I'm like Shaka Zulu, straight up warrior
And you, you're like Nefertiti
Titty, 'Titi, titties
See what I mean?
I'm just sayin' it's not a man's nature to show his vulnerable side
But girl, I love you
You know you mean the world to me
Just learn to read the signs
You know when I’m grabbin' and squeezin' on that booty
I see us in paradise
That’s not what I meant to say, man
Baby don’t wake up
All this crazy love talk
Girl this ain’t me
I’m out
Hello?
Slowisha, wake up
Hey girl
Girl you should have heard what Tony just told me
You know you need the world to me
Just learn to read the signs
You know when I'm grabbin' and squeezin' on that booty
I see us in paradise
That's not what I meant to say, man
Baby don't wake up
All this crazy love talk
Girl this ain't me
I'm out
Phone dialing/ringing
Hello?
Slowisha, wake up
Hey girl
Girl you should have heard what Tony just told me
One time!
Uh-oh!
Kanye!
Got some big news for the Chi, you wanna tell em?
Tell ‘em!
… Aight!
I want y’all niggas to know…
That I’m the newest member of the Roc-a-fella team!
Yo G, they can't stop me from rappin', can they?
Can they, ha?
I spit it through the wire man
It's too much stuff in my heart right now man
I'd gladly risk it all right now
It's a life or death situation man
Y'all don't really understand how I feel right now man
It's your boy Kanye to the
Chi-town what's going on?
I drink a Boost for breakfast, and Ensure for dessert
Somebody ordered pancakes, I just sip the sizzurp
That right there could drive a sane man bizzerk
Not to worry Mr. H said the izzles back to wizzerk
How do you console my mom or give her light support
Tellin' her her son's on life support?
And just imagine how my girl feel
On the plane scared as hell, that her guy look like Emitt Till
She was with me before the deal, she been tryin' to be mine
She a delta so she been throwin' that Dynasty sign
No use me trying to be lyin', I been trying to be signed
Trying to be a millionaire, how I use two lifelines
In the same hospital where Biggie Smalls died
The doctor said I had blood clots, but I ain't Jamaican, man
Story on MTV and I ain't trying to make a band
I swear this right here is history in the makin' man
I really apologize how I sound right now man
If it's unclear at all, man
They got my mouth wired shut for like
I don't know the doctor said for like six weeks
You know we had reconstruct
I had reconstructive surgery on my jaw
I looked in the mirror, half my jaw was missing
In the back of my mouth, man I couldn't believe it
I'm still here for y'all right now man
This is what I gotta say, right here dog
Yeah, turn me up yeah
What if somebody from the Chi that was ill got a deal
On the hottest rap label around?
But he wasn't talking 'bout Coke and birds
It was more like spoken word except he's really puttin' it down
And he explained the story about how Blacks came from glory
And what we need to do in the game
Good dude, bad night, right place, wrong time
In the blink of a eye, his whole life changed
If you could feel how my face felt, you would know how Mase felt
Thank God I ain't too cool for the safe belt
I swear to God drive a two on the sue
I got lawyer for the case to keep what's in my safe, safe
My dawgs couldn't tell if I looked like Tom Cruise in Vanilla Sky
It was televised, there's been an accident like Geico
They thought I was burnt up, like Pepsi did Michael
I must gotta Angel, 'cause look how death missed his ass
Unbreakable, what you thought they called me Mr. Glass?
Look back on my life like the ghost of Christmas past
Toys R Us, where I used to spend that Christmas cash
And I still won't grow up, I'm a grown ass kid
Swear I should be locked up for stupid sh** that I did
But I'm a champion, so I turned tragedy to triumph
Make music that's fire, spit my soul through the wire
Y'know what I'm sayin'?
When the doctor told me I had a um
I was goin' to have a plate in my chin
I said, dawg don't you realize
I'll never make it on the plane now?
It's bad enough I got all this jewelry on
She can't be serious man
(For a chance at loving you
I'd take it all the way
Right down through the wire
Even through the fire)
(Through the fire, to the limit
Through the fire, to the limit
Through the fire, to the limit
Through the fire, to the limit)
Yeah, the 15 millionth time, 15 and 1
Check it out
Yo Com, how you rhyme to this slow shit
Yeah yeah, check it out
Yo memories of the corner, we huddled and stayed in trouble
Guzzled on 40 O-Z's and played the double and back
We doublin crack, no wonder why they fear us
We cussin cause our mommas couldn't hear us
Young lovers'll cuddle at 15 shit, they seen the struggle so
That makes him a man con-sidered he got plans but
She don't understand that this is where them fools bust at
Same corner where she go and catch the school bus at
It ain't changed a bit, we stand circle and spit bars
Cigarette butts scattered like glass shattered
And pops he play the corner 'til his day comes, DAMN~!
Ambulances on the corner but hey, now it's offi-cial
Cisco was the daze them cups of E&J
Went down and hit a warm spot even in the winter's cold
We had our snorkel and our winter playboys on
These are the corners we was sent to play boys on
Our socks is pockets, the guns is rockets
It's where the after school fight was at, brand new bikes was at
Fila suits, Kangols and new Nikes was at
Same corner is today's same yesterday

We live it real, hard, revoke your zeal
God don't come around here no mo'
So why you screamin HIS NAME in vain when the pain hits
Pick yourself up and get to a hospital quick
But leave out the bit, about what went down
I know they hound us for hawkin
Just a flesh wound, stitch it up, keep it walkin
Niggas on the corners loyal, they ain't talkin (they ain't talkin)
Put down the sea of chalk and
The use of chalk is for lines of hopscotch
Or tracin dead bodies for crimes that got botched
For just crime commitin and it's, time to fit it
In the schedule, cause them crosstown niggas
Came to our corner sprayin that lead you pull
Ain't nuttin deeper than pilin in the car
With the streetsweeper so we can clear every star
Off the corner
(Hey Mama)
I wanna scream so loud for you, 'cause I'm so proud of you
Let me tell you what I'm about to do
(Hey Mama)
I know I act a fool but, I promise you I'm goin' back to school
I appreciate what you allowed for me
I just want you to be proud of me
(Hey Mama)
I wanna tell the whole world about a friend of mine
This little light of mine and I'm finna let it shine
I'm finna take y'all back to them better times
I'm finna talk about my mama if y'all don't mind
I was three years old when you and I moved to the Chi
Late December, harsh winter gave me a cold
You fixed me up something that was good for my soul
Famous homemade chicken soup, can I have another bowl?
You work late nights just to keep on the lights
Mommy got me training wheels so I could keep on my bike
And you would give anything in this world
Michael Jackson leather and a glove, but didn't give me a curl
And you never put no man over me
And I love you for that, mommy, can't you see?
Seven years old, caught you with tears in your eyes
'Cause a nigga cheatin', telling you lies, then I started to cry
As we knelt on the kitchen floor
I said mommy I'ma love you 'til you don't hurt no more
And when I'm older, you ain't gotta work no more
And I'ma get you that mansion that we couldn't afford
See you're unbreakable, unmistakable
Highly capable, lady that's makin' loot
A livin' legend too, just look at what heaven do
Send us an angel, and I thank you (Hey Mama)
(Hey Mama)
I wanna scream so loud for you, 'cause I'm so proud of you
Let me tell you what I'm about to do
(Hey Mama)
I know I act a fool but, I promise you I'm goin' back to school
I appreciate what you allowed for me
I just want you to be proud of me
(Hey Mama)
Forrest Gump mama said, "Life is like a box of chocolates"
My mama told me go to school, get your doctorate
Somethin to fall back on, you could profit with
But still supported me when I did the opposite
Now I feel like it's things I gotta get
Things I gotta do, just to prove to you
You was getting through, can the choir, please
Give me a verse of "You Are So Beautiful To Me"
Can't you see, you're like a book of poetry
Maya Angelou, Nikki Giovanni, turn one page and there's my mommy
Come on mommy just dance wit' me, let the whole world see your dancing feet
Now when I say Hey, y'all say, Mama, now everybody answer me (Hey Mama)
(Hey Mama)
I wanna scream so loud for you, 'cause I'm so proud of you
Let me tell you what I'm about to do
(Hey Mama)
I know I act a fool but, I promise you I'm goin' back to school
I appreciate what you allowed for me
I just want you to be proud of me
(Hey Mama)
I guess it also depends though if my ends low
Second, they get up you gon get that Benzo
Tint the windows, ride around the city and let ya friends know (Hey Mama)
Tell your job you gotta fake em out
Since you brought me in this world, let me take you out
To a restaurant, upper echelon
I'ma get you a Jag, whatever else you want
Just tell me what kind of S-Type Donda West like?
Tell me the perfect color so I make it just right
It don't gotta be Mother's Day, or your birthday
For me to just call and say: (Hey Mama)
I wanna scream so loud for you, 'cause I'm so proud of you
Let me tell you what I'm about to do
(Hey Mama)
You know I love you so
I never let you go
Wrote this song just so you know
No matter where you go our love is true
Mama mama mama mama mama...
Mama mama mama mama mama...
Ich kriege schon wieder so ein Deja Vu
Mit ein'm Reim von hier und einer Zeile von da
Bite und prahl, sag warum hast du keine Gun, Clown?
Ok ich weiß, weil wieder Spassten deine Gun klau'n
Schlag deinen Ast von meinem Stammbaum und mach mich frei
Du hast nie Dues gepaid, du musst Lehrgeld zahl'n
Mehr tun als bei Amis nach Rhymes im Sperrmüll kram'n
Mehr tun als zu connecten wie der Ärmelkanal
Was du machst hat keine Roots, fuck deine Roots
Ich baue Satzreime als wärn's Backsteine, Fool
Denn du weißt wer und ich hoff du weißt was
Also komm nie mehr an und sag deine Crew sei krass
Chico das ist meine Stadt und du bist nur zu Besuch
Schieb keinen Harten im Klub, du bist nur zu Besuch
Im Sturzflug zum Ruhm und vielleicht einmal nach oben
Ich weiß noch dein Geburtstag wurde drei mal verschoben
Du bist klein, verlogen, stolz auf Steine die funkeln
Nenn mich "Fluoris-Sentence" denn ich scheine im Dunkel'n
Klar dass du mit deinen Lifestyle verfluchte Neider hast
Doch ich finde dich at Nightheim und schub mit einer Glock
Eko der Epigon, Savas in Betaversion
Ich ruf an in Brüssel damit sie keine Rapper mehr klon'n
Du hast nie im Ghetto gewohnnt, nie ne Beretta geowned
Nie hat vor ihm jemand wacker geflowed
Aber seit kurzer Zeit sieht Keko mehr Frau'n
Und nimmt sie mit nach Hause und liest Echo der Frau
Optik-Fan, Gossip-Clan, ich bin topfit, man, Big Sen knockt dich, man
Von Berlin bis BK ich prügele Clowns
Tätowier dir lieber Freeway über den Bauch
Du aufs Cover der Source, ich glaube kaum du Hater
Los zieh dein Cap bis zu den Augenbrau'n wie Jada
Nur damit sie keiner sieht diese Angst in deinem Blick
Vergiss die weiten Jeans hol ne Gun mit einem Clip
Denn darin steckt die Realness für den Vers den du brauchst
Danke für den guten Rat, in Sachen Job in einer Bar
Lieber broke und stolz, als Clown im Schatten eines Stars
Ich kacke meine Bars, andere essen sie auf
Verdaun' jedes Wort und spucken es aus
Oft wissen viele garnich wieviel Plan ich besitz
Und schon morgen gibt es Mittags Sizilianischen Fisch
Yo, das mit dem Wiederholen, das war meine Idee
Ich bin nicht Dieter Bohlen, doch das war meine Idee
Th-Th-The League Crew
N-now th-that that don't kill me
Can only make me stronger
I need you to hurry up now
Cause I can't wait much longer
I know I got to be right now
Cause I can't get much wronger
Man I've been waiting all night now (Commissioner!)
That's how long I been on ya (Terry Urban)
(I need you right now!)
When the fast life takes its tole
That act right makes everything slow
Them black lights make everything glow
One of those nights where everything goes
Everybody goes through something
People be talking to you like you nothing
Then you be like bitch I'm me
Then your boss be like bitch then leave
You covered up your tats too long with them sleeves
You've gotta hit the club let the real you breathe
Would you believe, you'll never shine if you're not seen
So get all in they face like Noxzema
I know you mesmerized about that ass in them jeans
Please don't hit that raw, it's not clean
Please don't forget that all when it seems
N-now th-that that don't kill me
Can only make me stronger
I need you to hurry up now
Cause I can't wait much longer
I know I got to be right now
Cause I can't get much wronger
Man I've been waiting all night now
That's how long I been on ya
(I need you right now!)
Let's get lost tonight
You could be my black Kate Moss tonight
Play secretary, I'm the boss tonight
And you don't give a fuck what they all say, right?
Awesome, the Christian in Christian Dior
Damn, they don't make 'em like this anymore
I ask, cause I'm not sure
Do anybody make real shit anymore?
Bow in the presence of greatness
Cause right now thou hast forsaken us
You should be honored by my lateness
That I would even show up to this fake shit
So go ahead, go nuts, go apeshit
'Specially in my Pastel, on my Bape shit
Act like you can't tell who made this
New Gospel homie, take 6, and take this, haters
I don't know if you got a man or not
If you made plans or not
If God put me in ya plans or not
I'm tripping, this drink got me saying a lot
But I know that God put you in front of me
So how the hell could you front on me?
There's a thousand yous, there's only one of me
I'm tripping, I'm caught up in the moment, right?
Cause it's Louis Vuitton Don night
So we gon' do everything that Kan like
Heard they'd do anything for a Klondike
Well, I'd do anything for a blonde dyke
And she'll do anything for the limelight
And we'll do anything when the time's right
Uh, baby you're makin' it
(Harder, better, faster, stronger)
You know how long I've been on ya
Since Prince was on Apollonia
Since O.J. had Isotoners
Don't act like I never told ya
How we stop the Black Panthers?
Ronald Reagan cooked up an answer
And people say, “Oh, Ronald Reagan’s that president”
But type “Black Panther” and “Ronald Reagan”
And see what you get
Being that he was the governor of L.A
Ronald Reagan cooked up an answer
You hear that? What Gil-Scott was hearing
Why all our heroes and heroines end up on heroin?
Crack raised the murder rate in D.C. and Maryland
We invested in that; it’s like we got Merrill lynched
And we been hanging from the same tree ever since
Sometimes I feel the music is the only medicine
So we cook it, cut it, measure it, bag it, sell it
The fiends cop it; nowadays, they can’t tell if…
That’s that good shit? We ain’t sure, man
Put the CD on your tongue; yeah, that’s pure, man
That’s that crack music
That real Black music
La la la la la la la la
La la la la la la
From the place where the fathers gone
The mothers is hardly home
And the maricóns lock us up in the Audy Home
How the Mexicans say? “We just trying to party, homes”
Who gave Saddam anthrax?
George Bush got the answers
Back in the hood, it's a different type of chemical
Arm & Hammer baking soda; raised they whole quota
Right when our soldiers ran for the stove 'cause
'Cause… dreams of being Hova
Went from being a broke man to being a dopeman
To being the President; look, there's hope man
This that inspiration for the Moes and the folks man
Shorty come and see his momma straight overdosing
And this is the soundtrack
This the type of music that you make when you 'round that
Crack music!
Aiiyo GRAV, shiiit
Aiiyo GRAV man; Aiiyo who's laughing man?!
Aiiyo get up nigga man it's time to go do this shit bee
Aiiyo GRAV, Aiiyo GRAV wake up man
Aiiyo GRAV bee, wake up nigga
Yo! GRAV what the fuck is goin' on man?!
What the fuck man?! Why is this nigga shakin' like that?!
Aiiyo wassup with this nigga's eyes yo!
Aiiyo somethin' wrong with GRAV yo!
Aiiyo! *intelligible dialog* GRAV nigga
Yo! This nigga's shakin' yo!
Yo! GRAV! What the fuck bee?!
Wake the fuck up nigga!
Aiiyo! somethin' wrong with GRAV!
Somethin' wrong with GRAV!
Now often goes me like yo! here goes
That ox again sucking up all the oxygen from Earth
Givin' birth to phat styles so hide when I release my carbon dioxide
Detrimental to your health, tonic makes flesh bubble and boil
Fools quote in coils
So now they're strong on a power that's god
Lay in hardly any other can fathom
Watch me gather 'em up
In my congregation they'll be no hesitation
In my nation's reservation
That means I begin the mutating of a lyrical terror
All wack shit will get severed
Brain cells be in the process of amputation
All cerebral penetration must cease
I release a form of verbal death that by far
Will leave your whole mental scared
Sick thoughts on my mind x 7
With no self control
I have tendencies to make wack MCs' backbones break, bend
As my rap style ascends
We can rip limb from limb
Body parts get severed from my lyrical endeavors
We ain't all in this together
Because self-made get to top mountain peaks
While all you others stay weak
See it's survival of the fittest
So I rid dis fan of every hip-hop coal who ain't real
When punks try to get rid of me
The result is molecular instability
The outcome from a vet verses molecule
Disperse the atoms split from adoption
So now capture my dreams and jack me in the veins
Let me enter your blood stream
Kid I watch your head swell
As the game gets hard and I bombard your brain cells
See my prediction of the mental constriction
Is the restriction of train of thought have you in your corpse
In the fact that this is real --
You say virtual reality so kid why would you battle me?
See I'm the only crowd pleaser
Your skull will finally bust and you'll catch amnesia
Friends and family you won't be remembering
I leave you comatose trembling
Aiiyo this nigga ain't gettin' up man
Man, Yo! GRAV get up!
Sick thoughts on my mind
What the fuck?! Stop playin' man, yo!
Fuck that shit man!
Quit pla- man fuck it get this nigga's wallet then
Sick thoughts on my mind x 2
Psychology and Chemistry is my claim to fame
Mixing lyrical concoctions for the brain
Through aural intake metamorphosis starts
Veins steadily pump poison through my heart
Check my cardiological expand
Forming to be on top of then mortal man
My skin transforms into flammable gases
Everything I touch disintegrates into ashes
So surpass this, lyrical mics that melt in hands
Burning more niggas glass jaws back to sand
Scorch in the gorge of the Earth
Agriculture from these fake vulture niggas tryin' to feed of the land
Death by cremation to those who reprimand me
Axing out clear rouge styles that's uncanny
They're scared, when ever I walk the streets
My feet leave red burnt marks on concrete
Get up GRAV man
Yo! GRAV get up man
Aiiyo GRAV....
...Ooh shit!
Yo! what the fuck is wrong with you man?


Not a good first weeks, worry gonna blow
But there's no need to front you broke we both know
Had the hoes rolling in drows
Now you over exposed
Pointing to your account and the amounts you owe
Your record was so close not def just so so
How you label don't know you on talking no show
The only time you in the streets is just signs for promos
Yo everybody know who wrote your stole flow
You gotta pay him too, your publician's a no go
I got speddy gonzales dollars and yours is slow mo
You never seen a nigga quite like this before
He was stunting hard as hell before you even got to blow
Magazines claim he gassed like Texaco
Cause Jesus walk with him in Mexico
Back when the cars cost too much to floss
Them alligator boots? I stitched those
Body official, how, when my money stayed in the rear like Game or DJ Quik's clothes
And I just wanted to go platinum one time
Nick, he still spending money from Drumline
Man when I finish this Usher tour up
I'ma try my best to clear my credit score up
It it cause the Yves Saint Laurent on the glasses?
Or is it cause my name on them backstage passes?
Niggers always asking where his maybachs is
Motherfucker have you seen my taxes?

Far as wack contracts, you was doomed from that
Manger threw your door, now you sewing black
What I get for a track you never make in life
I'm like when coke just hit, I make a million a night
Yeah I seen you on cribs, that's not what you live
Man I know your babies mom
Why you dodging your kids?
Yeah I make big money, yeah I drive big cars
But I can do that dog, I'm a movie star
Baby don't you know I need ya
I want you to be my ghetto señorita

Baby don't you know I need ya
I want you to be my ghetto señorita
And drive my two-seaters and hold my heaters
You look so good, you make me want to say (na, na na na)
Baby don't you know I need ya
I want you to be my ghetto señorita
And drive my two-seaters and hold my heaters
Matter of fact, take this ring I promise I'll never leave you

Baby don't you know I need ya
I want you to be my ghetto señorita
And drive my two-seaters and hold my heaters
You look so good, you make me want to say (na, na na na)
Baby don't you know I need ya
I want you to be my ghetto señorita
And drive my two-seaters and hold my heaters
Matter of fact, take this ring I promise I'll never leave you

Baby don't you know I need ya
I want you to be my ghetto señorita
And drive my two-seaters and hold my heaters
You look so good, you make me want to say (na, na na na)
Baby don't you know I need ya
I want you to be my ghetto señorita
And drive my two-seaters and hold my heaters
Matter of fact, take this ring I promise I'll never leave you


International Free, still package the D
Rap version of Spike Lee, I write thuggism
Spend a grip then throw a clip at the party
Snatch your chick and have her drippin' for Free
We're rap stars, nigga



Look
Anything I sugges'
Just say yes
Cause we rep the UK like SAS
And I got that polo best, yeah I'm fresh to death
Probably the best dressed, yes I confess
And I roll with Cassius
And you know how his cash is
So let me see how that ass is
Baby back it up, yeah that's it
Only thing left to ask is
Who the hottest in UK?
They holla back "You, K."
What more can I say?
If I be tourin'
Don't be borin'
Don't be actin' all righteous, you ain't Lauryn
Maybe this chain'll constitute some brain
I know you ain't no prostitute, but I'm saying
I got the hots for you, and you playing
Baby I'm gone, I need a sure thing
Layzie: I don't know
Krayzie: Yo!
Wish: What up thug?
Krayzie: Bone Thugs~N~Harmony is back nigga
Layzie: Yeah, belie' dat
Wish: You know. (Laughing)
Krayzie: Kanye West on the track
Wish: Oh that's big. That's real big
Layzie: Yeah, we gon' do it like this baby
Krayzie & Wish {Layzie}:
Krayzie:
Man, these nigga's they got me lacin' up my Timberland's; creasin' up my khakis (khakis). .357 cocked in my hand-- fixin' to get it crackin'. I guess they figured they get away, and wouldn't have to answer back to Kray, and Lay, Bizzy, Wish, Flesh-- remember that, I on the way. Told 'em I'm a ride for mine; ain't no need to die for mine. When they see how I ride for mine, oh nigga they gon' hand me mine
Layzie:
You probably was thinkin' again it was over for my soldiers. But nigga now hold on, you don't even know us. We them po'est that's the coldest. You can suck us; you can blow us. From the clipper from the shoulders; you gon' pay us if you owe us. From the East-side to the West-borders; consider this the takeover
Wish:
Look man, you don't want that shot up. Gimme my dolla's and all my change-- I like thangs. New thangs: brand new white T's, in the summer days, you know? So pay up, 'cause I show up. You owe us. I might have to bother you wit' a twenty-two; more like a trey-deuce.-- more juice. Grown man; I ain't playin'. Hard, firm is how I stand. Pop up my myself dawg 'cause I really don't need nobody man
Krayzie & Wish {Layzie}:
Layzie:
Them callin' me Mr. Bill Collector; needin' me money, know he's up tonight (know he's up tonight)-- ya damn right. Dawg, I never been comfortable; my daddy ain't Cliff Huxtable. I'm original and I'm loveable. But really, do a nigga look fuckable? I doubt it ho, and I like the dough. Let off shots from my rifle-- like a sniper dawg: a pipe on y'all. Nigga, the Bone was born to ball
Krayzie:
Taxin' nigga's like the I.R.S.; T.H.U.G.'s, we'll have yo' faith out in the streets squeezin' you foe yo' cheese. And don't even try to resist it, nigga just give it up. Feel the pump, feel the pump, feel the pump, feel the pump, feel the pump; pump, pump, pump
Wish:
Lights out; we comin' through. We ain't satisfied-- hope it ain't on you. We ain't gon' let it go. Bone Thugs~N~Harmony: original. It don't matter who's right. It don't matter who's wrong; we'll set it off. Wanna lose yo' life (yo' life)? Step up, we'll blow yo' head off. 'Cause we got the weapons for anything that's steppin'. Ya will learn ya lesson-- a real thug checkin'
Krayzie & Wish {Layzie}:
Layzie:
(Bone, Bone.) We step on the scene and commits to get live. Nigga's they knowin' that nigga Layzie be ready to set off the raps-- the prop. My nigga we packin' the fo'. You thought you could flow? You gotta go. Still in the show. I'm a rhyme as my ammo'. My life as a barrel is lettin' this loose. Playin' you pussies, like fuck a piano
Wish:
Look at the game wit'out us. Yes they tryin'-- they ain't us. We want our spots back; we ain't askin'-- be some jacks. Here comes the Bone and step up. We got a lot of luck left. Here we come, in a rush, wit' that relaxed breath
Krayzie:
Yeah. When you see the thuggish ruggish, you know just why we comin'. So do yo'self a favor, and bitch go get my money. And nigga don't try the blues wit' me 'cause I can't feel ya pain. Nigga, you know what happens when the tenents bill ain't paid
Krayzie & Wish {Layzie}:









So, when I talk about MTV, let me explain something. I was hurt, Beyoncé, I was hurt because I wanted to present a video called “Fade” and out of respect MTV told me, "Mr. West out of respect to you, I will let you know that Beyoncé is winning the video tonight for “Formation” over “Hotline Bling” and “Famous.”" They told me beforehand so I wouldn’t run on stage. Ayy bro, y’all ain’t gotta fuck with me, but you know I got the vision and you know I’mma gonna keep it real with you. Beyoncé, I was hurt. I went down seven years on behalf of your—eh, nigga! Don’t throw no shit while I'm talking. I am putting my career, my life, my public well-standing at risk when I talk to y’all like this. This is a moment in the The Matrix, bro. The vibes is back. The vibes is back. Motherfuckers might feel a way about this tonight. Beyoncé, I was hurt because I heard that you said you wouldn’t perform unless you won Video of the Year over me and over “Hotline Bling.” In my opinion—now, don’t go trying to diss Beyoncé. She is great. Taylor Swift is great. We are all great people. We are all equal, but sometimes, we be playing the politics too much and forget who we are just to win. Fuck winning. Fuck looking cool. Fuck looking cool. Fuck being cool. Fuck all that, bruh!
I’ve been sent here to give y’all my truth, even at the risk of my own life. Even at the risk of my own success, my own career. I’ve been sent here to give y’all the truth. Jay Z, call me, bruh. You still ain’t call me. Jay Z, call me. Aye bruh, I know you got killers, please don’t send them at my head. Just call me. Talk to me like a man. I’m not trying to be "the man", I just am "a man", the same as anybody here. I ain’t above, below none of y’all. We all equal. We all equal. These is the vibes, bro. This is the future. This is the way of thinking to Make America Great Again. Ha! You didn’t like that! Guess what? Guess what? Y’all need the vibes. I was hurt. Feelings matter, bro. The way motherfuckers put money up so high, popularity, radio spins. Feelings matter, bro. Feelings matter, bro
It’s a new world, Hillary Clinton, it’s a new world. Feelings matter. Because guess what? Everybody in middle America felt a way and they showed you how they felt. Feelings matter, bro. It’s a new world. It’s a new world, Barack! It’s a new world, Jay Z! Aye, don’t send killers at my head, bro! This ain’t the Malcolm X movie, we growing from that moment. Let ‘Ye be ‘Ye! Oh wait a second. Do y’all agree with that? Let ‘Ye be ‘Ye! Wait a second - I ain’t hear enough screams on that. Let ‘Ye be ‘Ye!
You know what's my favorite?
Being at home with my fam
They know who I am
Yeah, yeah for real son
Yeah we got a real one
And a job that ain't done
What he want from me?
Get me higher than the tropic
Hit it, bop it
It ain't the mind and the soul
God in full control
Sunday service on a roll, let's go
Sunday service on a roll, let's go
I am sorry to God because dirt is actually a negative word
It's Earth, this is Earth, this is Earth
This is God's turf, let's show 'em what we worth
Let's do a rebirth, this is unrehearsed
Hold up, let me talk first, it's way been worse
Reach into your purse, shoutout to Damien Hirst
We don't need to go berserk, they try to put our mind to work
They try to influence the hurt, tell me, what's the purpose?
Look at all the perks, I was addicted to Percs
Drug addiction, for the Devil, it works
Look at all the jerks, now we make it hurt
Nah, now we make it love, God up above
Nah, nah, now we free, all we could be
Yeah, yeah, I could see, now they can see, yeah, yeah
We free
I told ya I could catch a vibe on this
I think you've got, I think you've got your campaign song there
Oh, we got more than that, we got way more
And I honest.. I’mma jump to a point just so I don’t take too long. I believe that the world can be changed. The world can be saved through design. Through unselfish design. Through unselfish creation. You know, God is the number one creator. I’m a Christian, I’m not tryna push my opinions on anyone. But in my opinion God is the number one creator. And we, anytime we, you know, create, we’re extension of doing his work on Earth. While we’re here what can we do for humanity? And, you know, in a way, the fashion is what defines the time. People could think in some way they’re higher classes, some higher statuses that contribute more to the world because, you know, they work on bombs, they work at technology, they, you know, they school teachers. Whatever it is that seems to be somehow that type of profession that when you say it everybody is, “oh, you’re a lawyer? Oh great.. lawyer? Motherfucker.” No knock to lawyers, but you know what I’m talking about. So there are no movies without fashion. We define the times, we set in stone. What did 2015 mean? What did 2014 mean? You know? I always told Anna - “I wanna be in the middle of that conversation.” As we all know, The Devil Wears Prada was about Anna .. I said, “I wanna be in the middle of that conversation.” Nah, I’m saying.. we know this. So, where.. she was talking about the blue sweater. And previous to Instagram and all that type of shit do you know this conversation, “you think you not part of fashion because you don’t datatata.” Like the blue sweater, okay, you would know this. And somehow like me and my crew, you know, like all these straight, black guys from Chicago that no one knew why they were at the fucking show. You know, wanted to say, let’s make the conversation, you know, let’s make the conversation shorter between, you know, when the blue sweater goes from a Wang show to when it finally hit Kohl’s’ or something. Pre-Instagram, pre all that shit, pre people, you know, wanted to show what they had, before images were the new currency
When we talk about, you know, I was talking to Rassi earlier and he was saying, you know, what his background was and you know, the way he appreciated all of his opportunities that he has like, to just being in America and being able to create. And I told him he had to arm wrestle with Virgil on like who is the greatest guy that I knew ‘cause he’s definitely one of the top. You know, one of these times when I look at like him and say “wow,” you know, I wish I could interact with people in the way that he interacts. I wish that I could believe in people unselfishly without, you know, worrying about how it may affect me, affects my reputation blabla, or all of what fashion is. Because I think that’s word fashion insiders, but everyone’s a fashion insider, you know. It’s illegal to be naked, everyone has some form of fashion, every single day. And I think it’s, the point I wanna make before I bring ‘em up, because I wanted to make this point to this room really.. you know, we have the power to change the world. I believe that through design ‘cause design is the closest to truth. Problem solving, truth is the closest to love, love is the closest thing to God and God is love. But we have to be unselfish in our approach which is the opposite of someone saying, “Kanye you can’t get in this show ‘cause you’re a celebrity” or some shit like that. You know, the way we embrace celebrity, the way, what Miley’s had to go through in the past couple years. Dealing with the fashion bigots and shit like that. I’m not gonna give you guys the speech that Tarantino gave at the Lacma, I’mma say what the fuck he should’ve really said, you know. The old guard accepting the new guard by letting down their guard. I don’t even know if I made one fucking good point
But what I wanna say is, this guy let me, a celebrity designer, work at Milk Studio when Adidas couldn’t figure out where my office was. We didn’t have windows, you know, it was cool, you know. We’d go out and get a cup of coffee, we stole a bunch of free cappuccinos from down the hallway. And I promised him that I was gonna be fucking good. It wasn’t about me being a celebrity ‘cause it could’ve been like, “what do you mean you got a celebrity designer working at Milk Studio? This is very authentic, blablabla..” All the shit. And he told me a story about this kid who stood on his steps and shit, you know, waiting for opportunities to design then went onto one day become the youngest American to run a French house called Balenciaga. That he believed in that kid back then, believing in, spending everything on Alexander Wang. And, I’m closing now. I don’t move, I don’t leave my fucking crib unless I really believe in someone. I don’t read the teleprompters blablabla. And I’m so happy that Jeremy is here ‘cause Jeremy asked me to come here also and Jeremy is another one of those bad motherfuckers that changed the game and always expressed himself. I’m not gonna say shit else. So all I’mma say is, I fucking love this guy and he sets an example to us as a humanitarian, as a visionary and as an innovator: Rassi
Some people live for the fortune
Some people live just for the fame
Some people live for the power, yeah
Some people live just to play the game
Some people just don't know what they have
But boy, I'm so glad I got you
Some people say they search all their life
But boy, it's so nice I found you
Some people want it all
I don't want nothing at all
If it ain't you, baby
If I ain't got you, baby
Some people want diamond rings
Some just want everything
It means nothing, nothing
If I ain't got you
Ooh, you you you
Ooh, you you you
Ooh, you you you, you you you, you you you
Some people search for a fountain
Promises forever young
Some people need roses
And that's the only way to prove you love them, baby
Some people just don't know what they have
But boy, I'm so glad I got you
Some people say they search all their life
But boy, it's so nice I found you
Some people want it all
I don't want nothing at all
If it ain't you, baby
If I ain't got you, baby
Some people want diamond rings
Some just want everything
It means nothing nothing
If I ain't got you
Ooh, you you you
Ooh, you you you
Ooh, you you you, you you you, you you you
Ooh, you you you
Ooh, you you you
Ooh, you you you, you you you, you you you
Uh, yeah
That's how I feel
I wanna say more, but...
The last record I did with Kanye
Talked your ear off so, haha
All I wanna say is...
Baby, baby
Nothing in this whole wide world
Don't mean a thing
I ain't got you with me, baby
Some people want it all
I don't want nothing at all
If it ain't you, baby
If I ain't got you, baby
Some people want diamond rings
Some just want everything
It means nothing nothing
If I ain't got you
Ooh, you you you
Ooh, you you you
Ooh, you you you, you you you, you you yo
Uh, chegamos até o ponto final da viagem. Acabou-se (Diamantes). Essa é pra ti. Essa aqui vai pra toda gente que me inspirou até agora. Esse álbum é pra vocês. (Que Deus vos abençoe) Vocês... são os meus Diamantes
Tu és beleza interior, á margem do igual
Ostentas com valor, a essência num cristal
Talhado á excelência do esmero do ser
Ter é secundário, priorizas o saber
És fonte de moral, sem tédio visual
A musa intemporal, de perfil escultural
Contemplo a espontaneidade
D'um sorriso que disserta excentridade
Que desperta e liberta na suavidade
Aroma que revela a identidade da capela de integridade
És vida, amizade, amor, verdade
És sol na tempestade, radias dignidade
A musa dos roteiros desafias teorias
Quando o mal te bate porta esquivas e regozijas
É um orgulho ser um pedaço teu
Pr’os momentos mais difíceis és um pedaço do céu (só meu)
"They long to be" (mas ninguém é como tu, mama, nah)
"They long to be" (mas ninguém é como tu, mama, nah)
"They long to be" (mas ninguém é como tu, mama, nah)
"I like to be your bestfriend" (tu me inspiras... Diamante)
Mais que um espelho, tu refletes o que tu és
Rainha das Virtudes mas tu nunca ensoberbeces
A musica pra alma, sublime poesia
O verso pr'o instrumento que completa a melodia
És a luz no escuro, Diamante, meu lar
Fortaleza celestial como reunião familhar
Meu abrigo, me acolhes com apresso
Eu admiro com apreço, cá dentro agradeco
Tu és forte, digo certeza
És a frase que me escapa pra ressaltar tua grandeza
O mundo inveja, nunca vira nada igual
Pra constelação no céu, és a atriz primordial (no amor)
De coração, jamais ponderas
Amor incondicional, aurora das primaveras
Te Amo, és especial e fazes bem
És rara pura, dura, e não mudas por ninguém
Tu, minha fonte de inspiração
Onde bebo licções que geram motivação
Contigo aprendi que devo escrever de coração
Tu, a real definição
Exaltas em mim sinceridade
Criatividade, acima de tudo fidelidade
Me mostraste identidade, ultra mentalidade
Por ti sou diferente, suspiras positividade
Por ti sou verdadeiro e não porque convém
Sou seletivo, não me aproveito de ninguém
És avô, mãe, filha, prima (descansa em paz)
Tia ou neta, nem todo verso acaba em rima
Isso vai pra todos, man, CD tá terminado, vai pra toda minha familha, pr'os meus amigos, pra BRA´HooD (Fantasma)
Hey El, te devo muito do que sou
Isso vai dos meus avôs aos netos da Dona Dó
E de tudo... de tudo só restam os bons momentos... pelo menos é isso que guardo no meu peito porque esse CD é isso, são os bons momentos, reflexo do que é bonito, do que é positivo. E é isso que eu guardo...
E as lágrimas que jorraste, Deus recolhe
Diamantes
"É o Pradiné Penelas"

"Young man standing on the corner"
Young man where you goin' in life, you know it ain't right
"Sellin' death, no conscious has he"
You can't escape the shadow in the light
Shine on ya
"Young man standing on the corner"
Young man where you goin' in life, you know it ain't right
"Sellin' death, no conscious has he"
Yeah, the conscious MC
Sometimes I keep it simple
Fuck what the nerds say
Ain't tryin' to impress you with the intricate wordplay
Catch me at a bodega and plus I know my neighbors
A little too well, it's like my walls are made of paper
But this is New York City
Where our music Biggie
We do it gritty, take you through it like you grew up with me
First I'mma make a comment
It's time to change the context of what's considered conscious
We the concept obnoxious
And let me make a promise
I'mma always keep it honest
And to portray all my people cause we put in boxes
Category
Tryin' to make a break through
Dealin' with the hateful
Tryin' to stay faithful
Got an attitude house niggas can't relate to
Listening to music that the field niggas escape to
I plays phonetic
Over revolutionary rhetoric
Cause I'm down for action like a predicate
You can't escape
You can't escape
He patriotic to his niggas over God and country
He felt 'Pac when he said Only God Can Judge Me
Stalkin' like a predator, you're baby ain't safe now
Wait now, ain't it big how he talkin' like he evil
Young, black and throw in a line up
Labeled as a 'gang banger' though he never signed up
Cops is tryin' to get the crime up
You get that on your record
Employers gonna check it
Fire you, so now you gotta resort to the only method
The scene will guarantee any sense of clarity
As to when the rental be paid, it's street salary
You're sure to meet tragedy, die or go to jail
But somehow, it all seems worth it and that's real
Wishin' for the day you can say it's your last deal
But you know you be portrayed like Jesus at His last meal
That's...
All dreams real
All dreams real
My boy text me, he told me "Dream big"
Like the things that we had accomplished used to seem big
Had the phone to seem big
Look at what the team did
All dreams real
All dreams real (Real)
All dreams real, real
All dreams real (Real)
(Accept no limitations, baby)
All dreams real (Real)
All dreams real (Real)
All dreams real, real, real
"Gotta let 'Ye be 'Ye"
Let me? Sh-, shit, nigga

You ain't lyin', you ain't lyin'
You gon' take me to the light everytime, everytime (Oh, oh, oh)
Everytime, everytime




Oh, we knew life would be alright
But who could’ve known it’d be this good?
Oh, Lord
It gets better, better better better
Give your life to Christ, he’ll give you Paradise
Oh, we knew life would be alright
But who could’ve known it’d be this good?
Oh, Lord
It gets better, better better better
Give your life to Christ, he’ll give you Paradise
Give your life to Christ, he’ll give you Paradise
Give your life to Christ, he’ll give you Paradise
I want ya
I got four, five, some' on ya
Dun-dun (Woo)
That's the feel of love
You need to fuck with somebody with some mass appeal
I got one-one, four-four
That's a no-go, I go loco, uh
I'm a white boy but I'm in love with the coco (Haha)
Dun-a-dun, oh-oh, I'm in love with ya, narco
Hey, hey





Yap, yap, yap
I use your face as a urinal, then do the same at your funeral
Piss on your grave, piss on your grave, piss on your grave
Piss on your grave, piss on your grave, piss on your grave
This one here for the executives, fuck you and all your relatives
Piss on your grave, piss on your grave, piss on your grave
Piss on your grave, piss on your grave
Nigga behave

Piss in your grave (Yeah), piss in your grave
Turn this up, teacher
Play this in the third grade (Huh), in the third grade
This one right here for the kids at the grade (Ow)
In the third grave
How come you want it? Can't fuck with the bitch
This one ain't fair, this one for family
This one the damn, this one I thank
That's when thought it was safe and it wasn't
Pointer me, Allah, some on your water
I'm callin' your mada, call on the collar
Robert Kardashian, before, now I'm not sayin'
If O.J. did it, or O.J. did not do it, I do not know
But I know that when I lived in my father's house
And I saw that verdict come, as a Black person
We felt that it was a victory
For all of the times that a Black person was wrongfully accused
And sentenced to death, execution in thirty states
Thirty states still execute, thou shall not kill
Thou shall not spill human blood for your own excuse
Now we walk through the residue
Put God out the better schools
Now look what we headed to
Wash us in the blood, rain down on us
Wash us in the blood of Jesus
Okay, now go ahead
So you're against the death penalty?
Thou shall not kill
Half shirts, mini skirts
All of that ain't gon' work
So stop trying to flirt with my man
Before someone gets hurt
Joanne, Joanne
Stop trying to be my friend
Joanne, Joanne
Stop trying to freak my man
Joanne, Joanne
How you gon' try to clown
Joanne
I know you got another plan
When I'm not around
We were so close
How could you hurt me
You were my best friend
Where's your honesty
Thought you had my back
But that ain't where you at
See right through you
All this time I thought I knew you
For most of our lives
It's been you and me
And I always thought
Nothing could come between
Obviously our friendship doesn't mean nothing to you
All this time I though I knew you, oh
Joanne, Joanne
Stop trying to be my friend
Joanne, Joanne
Stop trying to freak my man
Joanne, Joanne
How you gon' try to clown
Joanne
I know you got another plan
When I'm not around
No way you could fool me
When he loves me truly
I can't believe I once called you a friend
Jo-Jo-Anne
I'm not the bitch to be tried
No remind, I'm makin' 'em cry
Cross the line with my property I'm walkin' up out
Treated you like a sister and you played games
Had to pull out the gangster showing you I'm running things
And I'm naming names
Practically raised you and made you
Classier than most know now I should have caved you
You thought he paged you, SURPRISE!
Heard me on the line
He told me everything about how you wasted his time and
How I cheated when I didn't
If it was given couldn't handle my position
Use your woman's intuition
Pick of the litter
Never compared, never could make me bitter
Compared to you I'll always be the bigger picture
Trying to be Eve, can never have it, act right
Four search parties be looking for you with a flashlight
No, Jo-Jo
Joanne, Joanne
Stop trying to be my friend
Joanne, Joanne
Stop trying to freak my man
Joanne, Joanne
How you gon' try to clown
Joanne
I know you got another plan
When I'm not around
I like that because I thought you're on the way to doing things differently, all the promotion around your album. It was really like just awesome to me, because it wasn't the traditional roll out that they do to radio where they send the single and then they're doing is they're doing that and, you know, you're doing an appearance on, you know, whatever TV show. But it was really cool. It was like when you showed in over 60 cities. You showed the-- you know, I wouldn't even call them videos. It was more of like a-- just an art exhibition that you did in these different cities. It is kind of, "What's spurred that, to do it that way?"
I mean, we have dreams. We wake up, and we make them happen. I appreciate that my label allowed me to go unorthodox with that. And there's people at the label who appreciate it and there's people who don't appreciate that. It's like non-traditional in that way. But I have to push. And really, it's all practice to me. Being a musician is practice. Life is practice. You know, so it's not like a in go-- so I'm fine to make a mistake. I'm fine to, like, put out an auto tune album that no one understands. I'm fine to put out a complete punk new wave album that no one understands. I'm not trying to maintain, you know, some spot in the hip-hop charts on radio or something like that. I'm trying to open up people's minds. I want people to think more. I want people to feel like it's okay to create. I want people to feel like it's okay to make mistakes in front of people and follow what their dreams are and not feel boxed in. I want people to feel like, you know, awesome is possible. I want them to, you know, feel like, you know-- it's not a matter of just even what I'm doing at DONDA. It's the amount of people that are hearing me and now they're going to fight to get the best ideas out. Because the world will only be saved through good intention and design, It's not going to be saved is politics. The irony is, what holds things back? Politics! So how could that push things forward?
I heard you say that you were trying to work out a deal with the Gap and politics held you back from doing that with your merchandise for the tour, and it may be just wonder what, sort of-- elaborate on that. What are you talking about when you say "politics?"
I mean it, like, what would happen if I was able to design a collection and was like backed by the Gap? It would be awesome, right?
It would totally be awesome, but then my question for you is, but you have-- you're not hurting. You're doing well, so couldn't you just do that yourself? You don't need the Gap.
No, you can't. You need the infrastructure. It's not a matter of just having money.
But you have a great staff set up in everything, I feel like...
No, I don't have a great staff at all. That is a skill set that takes years and years of anything. If I wanted to get into the coal business and I had-- and also, "well-off" is that, that is-- what's the word I'm looking for? I'm trying to use the simplest word sometimes. Yeah, it's all relative. Because I'm not, because, okay-- I could make an amount that seems, like, really crazy to people, like 10 million a year, right? To open up a new fashion company might costs 15 million. So if I went and took all the money I had and I invested it into trying to do it like that, it could leave me 5 million in debt.
That's fair enough, I get that.
And then you're not well-off.
That's-- yeah-- I'm sorry, I know it's not all about money, but I've just been saying that the team that you have at DONDA and-- I would think that you could hire anybody that may want to come and work for you.
(Laughter)
Oh my god.
So, that's thought.
You know, you raise a really good point here. If you just joined us, I'm Michelle and we're live on 97.1 Radio Los Angeles with Kanye West. You know, in creativity in rap music, do you think that, because I don't-- you definitely don't do things like everybody else. Do you think there's a certain lack of originality and creativity, not, you know, I'm not going to say that for all rap, but it seems like you do things a little differently. And a love that that; with music, I mean.
There's a lack of creativity in every field, because people are afraid. Because the powers control people. And the only place where people can be fully creative is in Silicon Valley. Everything else, there's an old regime. And oligarchs are controlling whether or not you're going to be able to feed your kids. So no one can say the type of stuff that I'm saying because they'll lose their job.
There is a a lack in creativity in Hollywood. There's a lack in creativity in clothing. There's a lack creativity in the education system. There's a lack in creativity on the globe period! @hen you look up and look at billboard ads, the majority of them suck. There's a lack creativity in advertising, in agencies. There's just a lack, because the person with the good idea needs to pay dues for 20 years before their positioned to say the idea, and they might not have the relevancy anymore. Right now, I have the relevancy and I have the perspective and I have the voice and I'm going to scream as loud as I can. And ain't nothing gon' happen to me except success.
You're here to save it, man. At least, like, change it, which I love. Whoo! That heat, I love that.
There's so much passion because I share a lot of the same-- where the view is my passion, and I feel like people don't always get it. You know, and they're like, "Gosh, it's kind of harsh" with everyone. You've just got to be true to yourself. You know? I got to-- by the way, before I forget, you know with your clothing and your fashion, we were just talking about your merch line.
Really quick, and don't forget your question, please. I wanna stop using the term "fashion," because Eve made Adam bite an apple. And since then, it's been illegal to be naked. I'm helping people follow the law in style. I'm helping people with their opinion on how to follow the law. This isn't about fashion. I'm creating new standards, things so you don't have to think about it. Fashion is too high of a skill set. It just needs to be easy. Easy as the hoodie and jeans that I'm wearing. And I'll do all the hard work. I'll figure out exactly where that collar goes and exactly where that hoodie sits and-- and how many times you can wash that fabric and stuff so that it looks better 5 years from now. I'll do the hard work for you. Fashion is forcing people to do all this hard work where you look back 2 years from now and say, "That looked crazy!"
There are certain things that are just standard. A suit jacket is a suit jacket is a suit jacket. A hoodie is a hoodie is a hoodie. Jeans are jeans are jeans. And a Michael Jordan sneaker is a Michael Jordan sneaker. Now, let's take our kids to the park. It's not about fashion. It's about life, and me helping it become more awesome...
(TO BE CONTINUED)
I need you, I want you to
Come to me, ecstasy (uh)
Ecstasy, ecstasy, (uh) ecstasy (uh)
Ecstasy, ecstasy, (uh) ecstasy (uh)
Ecstasy, ecstasy, (uh) ecstasy (uh)
Ecstasy, ecstasy, (uh) ecstasy (uh)
Ecstasy—
I had an outta body, off a half a molly
At the afterparty, had to grab a shawty
She was in the corner, all melancholy
We was both rollin', off the edamame
I feel the devil on me, I feel the pressure on me
Then I said "hey come here you ever met a zombie on" (ecstasy)
First the brain releases dopamines (uh)
Then you lose all control of things
I'm an addict myself so I know a fiend
When I see one in Fashion Nova jeans
I'm in that euphoric psychedelic state
All I remember is an angelic face
I feel myself start to elevate
To a place called (ecstasy)
Euphoria, it spoil ya
There's only two girls feel like its four of ya
Before you take this journey here's a tutorial
Take the Adderall with the Xans
That's the morse code
She took two and some coke, that's an Oreo
You don't remeber shit that how the story goes
Comin' down you gonna feel horrible
Just make sure you drink a lot of water though
Now you startin' to feel the side effects
Like you ain't had the right kinda rest
When you grind your teeth, and get outta breath
I suggest you take a seat cause you high as hell
But don't trip ya fully functional
You just feelin' comfortable
Stop at Walgreens get a Lunchable
You spent all your money on (ecstasy)
Ecstasy, ecstasy, (uh) ecstasy (uh)
Ecstasy, ecstasy, (uh) ecstasy (uh)
Ecstasy, ecstasy, (uh) ecstasy (uh)
Ecstasy, ecstasy, (uh) ecstasy (uh)
Ecstasy—
What is going on and it's Michelle LA's 97-01 radio is what you're listening to. First thing I walk in the door and right behind me here he is Kanye West
What up
How are you?
I'm awesome
I know you're doing a ton of interviews right now, this is the first time you've been to Amp radio, so I have to say thank you
Okay, awesome
This is pretty major and, I don't know, you probably have no way of knowing this, but the very first song I ever played on amp radio, about four years ago, was "Paranoid"
Well thank you very much
Absolutely we're huge fans around here
Thank you, I appreciate that
Thanks for coming in. So what's the story behind all of a sudden we're seeing you in front of us? Because you haven't done a whole lot of these kinds of interviews but now here you are, so we're thrilled to have you here. You just feel like going out and saying hello?
Yeah, that's it
That's awesome. I dig that. So you're out on the Yeezus tour right now which, first, your album is awesome. The live show sold out at Staples on Saturday night, you got another one and then you've got Anaheim on Friday, so tell me a little bit about what to expect at the tour stops, because like I just told you before we went on the air, I saw a little bit of the clips but I feel like it doesn't do it the justice of actually being there and experiencing the show in the moment
Yeah even if I explain it...you know it's just like creativity central. It's an example of like what DONDA can do - that's my creative company - it's an example of what happens when you put amazing thinkers in a room together and eliminate what they normally do and all the cliches that people slip into and challenge everyone in that room to come up with something completely new, and that's what is, completely new. You know we we experiment with things, and they get better, and it's going to get better as it goes, but if I have an idea, I just do it. I just go for it
Yeah that's cool, there's a certain fearlessness about you which I really dig. Do you feel like you get crap for that a little bit? The people misunderstand you?
Yeah I'm not fearless, I just have courage, bravery. Like I have fear, but I overcome my fear. I know how to swim through backlash. I know how to float, I can tread water through backlash. I don't care about backlash if anything, because it's all given me power. Negative, positive, it's all energy and I can use energy
What really inspires you? I know you're really creative in so many different arenas but what do you look for, what would spark you?
God. Number one inspiration, God. How can you get something to the you know the greatest. He's the greatest creator of all time, so - if you're being creative - my greatest inspiration is God. He made our universe you know ? So you look that far and say, "if you gotta push hard to create on a more major scale," nothing is more major then the creator. He's given us the power of free will and the ability to create our own space, right
Sometimes people say like, "it seems like you're not satisfied with just creating music," well look at what Howard Hughes did, look what David Stern did, look what Steve Jobs did, look what Da Vinci did, look what Michelangelo did. I have this platform now at age 36 to really put out a lot a creative ideas. Certain people who are not giving me a shot or not backing me, and I can meet with all the billionaires in the world and people just look at me like it's not me, like I haven't created what I've created
So I had to apologize to all the guys in the world for my engagement because I turned up so much on it, but when you go on Jimmy Kimmel and say, "hey I'm a creative genius," I don't think people really understood what I was talking about. So let me make it so y'all can understand what I'm talking about when I say "creative genius" because that's my title
Do you think you're misunderstood in that aspect? Do you think people just take things the wrong way?
They just never heard it before. They never tasted that flavor yet
I just think it's awesome because you have a certain thing about you that you say what's on your mind and your true to yourself and I think a lot of people don't know what to do with that because they're not.
Yeah and that's what is. If I say, "hey I'm a creative genius," I don't know any other way to explain what I do and the way I think up things and the way I have to fight to get ideas out, had to fight to get my record deal, I'm fighting to be able to make clothes, I'm fighting to be able to make films. It's mixing creativity with the fight, like an athlete.
I've had so many of my dreams come true. I'm getting married to my dream girl, I have a family, I have good friends around me, I've had some opportunities and what I realized is my greatest power...so, if you asked me a question before, "why am I coming, why am I speaking," I'm not a billionaire. I may not be the richest person on the planet, I might not be the most attractive guy, I might not be the most liked, but I - right now - because of "New Slaves" and because of the position I've always taken, have the most powerful voice by a mile and I'm going to use that. I have a trillion dollars worth of voice.
I hang out wit my the girl and my daughter everyday. There's no place I'd rather be, so now even when I was thinking about the things I'm creating or the things I'm doing in business, my biggest goal is to be able to get home to my family. So even, as I'm thinking about things I'm doing for the future, it's like how can I set it up so I can just be my daughter's soccer coach. How can I put myself in that position?
I can't imagine you showing up at the soccer game, I just think that would be awesome.
A new Kanye West mini van. See that's a partnership you could get on board with right there.
Well DONDA, we want to create everything. We have a perspective on things you see, touch, taste, and feel, just the quality of life. We want to improve the quality of life. It is a product, experience, and content company. So, a form of content could be Yeezus. That is a form of content. Experience could be the concert you went to. A product could be the Yeezy's. Those are examples of things that a collective of creative people have put together
One thing I also want to stress is that the most genius thing about the way I create is to create with other geniuses. To get out of their way. It's not a matter of ego related to any ideas. It's just, who has the best idea? We, actually, are really not ego based in any way. These are things that people put up to confuse you or distract you from what it actually is. At this point it's Michael Jordan time, it's time to go six championships in and let people know this is what we're doing. We're creating at the highest level. I might not be the number one rockstar, but I will be and create the number one creative company. The post internet Disney. The post internet Ralph Lauren
Yo, this is my shit right here. A-Trak didn't ask me to rap on this shit. It wasn't no favor, none of that shit. I wanted to get—This is my shit. I love this song right here. This is Kid Sister.
Got her toes done up, with her fingernails matchin'
Got her toes done up, with her fingernails match—
Got—Got her toes done up, with her fingernails matchin'
Toes—Toes done up, with her fingernails matchin'
Got her toes done up, with her fingernails matchin'
Got her toes done up, with her fingernails match—
Got—Got her toes done up, with her fingernails matchin'
Toes—Toes done up, with her fingernails matchin'

Got her toes done up, with her finger nails matchin'
Got her toes done up, with her finger nails matchin'
Got her toes done up, with her finger nails matchin'
Got her toes done up, with her finger nails matchin'
Got her toes done up, with her finger nails matchin'
Got her toes done up, with her finger nails matchin'
Got her toes done up, with her finger nails matchin'
Got her toes done up, with her finger nails matchin'
Aye, yo this motherfucka's jammin'; I'm on it, it's an anthem
Who is that in the Phantom? Please, no cameras
They gone have me on Concrete Loop in my pajamas
To hide the goods, I would need pants big as Hammer's
I be tippin' them dancers, they be sayin' I'm handsome
I was pretty before the dough but now I'm just the man
You remind me of my old chick, on that '84 shit
Oh shit! Did you see the way she got her toes did?
Got her toes done up, with her fingernails matchin'
Got her toes done up, with her fingernails match—
Got—Got her toes done up, with her fingernails matchin'
Toes—Toes done up, with her fingernails matchin'
Got her toes done up, with her fingernails matchin'
Got her toes done up, with her fingernails match—
Got—Got her toes done up, with her fingernails matchin'
Toes—Toes done up, with her fingernails matchin'
Keep rocking and keep knocking
Whether you Louboutin'd up or Reebokin’
You see the hate that they're serving on a platter
So what we gonna have, dessert or disaster?




Tell me now, can you make it past your Caspers?
So we can finally fly off into NASA
You was always the cheerleader of my dream
That seem to only date the head of football teams
And I was the class clown that always kept you laughing
We were never meant to be, baby, we just happened
So please don’t mess up the trick
Hey Young World, I'm the new Slick Rick
They say I move too quick, but we can’t let this moment pass us
Let the hourglass pass right into ashes
Let the wind blow the ash right before my glasses
So I wrote this love letter right before my classes
How could a goddess ask someone that's only average?
For advice, OMG, you listen to that
Woe is me, baby, this is tragic
'Cause we had it, we was magic
I was flying now I'm crashing
This is Bad, real bad, Michael Jackson
Now I’m mad, real mad, Joe Jackson
You should leave your boyfriend now, I'm gon' ask him
Sometimes love comes around, and it knocks you down
Just get back up, when it knocks you down, knocks you down
Sometimes love comes around, and it knocks you down
Just get back up, when it knocks you down, knocks you down



Ever since I ran into a deficit
I just wanna-wanna, I was goin' George Jetson
Niggas still treatin' me like George Jefferson
I'm a sick fuck, I like a quick fuck
I like my dick sucked, I buy you a sick truck
I buy you some new tits, I get you that nip-tuck
I start a new family, the condom done slipped up
Just keep your lips shut, the zip, the zip stuck
The summer-
(I'm a sick fuck, I like a quick fuck, I like)
I love that flow
I'm a sick fuck, I like a quick fuck
I like my dick sucked, I buy you a sick truck
I buy you some new tits, I get you that nip suck
We start another family, the condom done slipped up
Just get your lips up, just zip your lips shut, bitch
Zip shut, this, this shut
I'm a sick fuck, I like a quick fuck
I like my dick sucked, I buy you a sick truck
I buy you some new tits, just keep your lips, mhm, mhm
I'm a sick fuck, I like a quick fuck
I like my dick sucked, I buy you a sick truck
I buy you some new tits, just keep the (Aw fuck, aw fuck)
I'm a sick fuck, I like a quick fuck
I like my dick sucked, I buy you a sick truck
I buy you some new tits, I buy you that nip-tuck
Started a new family, the condom done slipped up
Just keep your lips shut, bitch, zipped shut
*gibberish*




The problem is it ain't that I'm very good
It's that I'm scary good
Beats very hood, doin' numbers Mariah Carey would
Or in Hollywood doin' movies Jim Carrey would
Pardon, he's narcissist, we spittin' shit so arsonist
When I know the globe already warm before I spit
Woah, woah, woah, yeah, homie, that's the theme song
First I get my money right, then I get my team on
If I always pray to have (?) on
Three hundred dollar jeans on, do I mean I drink (?)
And I was high as the Learjet, fly as the insect
Even though we in debt
And it don't matter what the night, I get her number
Cause when I get my number right, she gon' come runnin'
And I be good like God with an extra O
God knows that my cheque needs some extra Os
And you know that you need to need to bring some extra hoes
Nothin' (?) penis, either tell 'em bring some sexy clothes
Wished I had told ooh was (the) only one (uh oh!)
But it's too late, it's too late he's gone
You sweat her and I ain't talkin 'bout a Coogi
You a Big L and I ain't talkin 'bout Cool J
See me at the airport, at least twenty Louis
Treat me like the Prince and this my sweet brother Numpsay
(Brother Numpsay!) groupies say I'm too choosy
Take em to the show and talk all through the movies
Says she want diamonds, I took her to Ruby Tuesdays
If we up in Fridays, I still have it my way

Y'all don't want no prob' from me
What you rappers could get is a job from me
Maybe you could be my intern and in turn
I'll show you how I cook up summer in the winter
Aaron love the raw dog, when will he learn
Caught something on the Usher tour, he had to let it burn
Plus he already got three children
Arguin' over babysitters like bitch it's yo turn
"Damn Ye it'd be stupid to diss you
Even your superficial raps is super-official"
R-R-R-Roc Pastelle with Gucci on
With TVs in the ride, throw a movie on
Said he couldn't rap now he at the top with Doobie Long
'Cause I dookied on any song that they threw me on, gone




Uh-uh-uh, uh-uh-uh uh uh onnn, uh uh-uh onnn
Uh-uh onnn, uh uh-uh
I'm ahead of my time, sometimes years out
So the powers that be won't let me get my ideas out
And that make me wanna get my advance out
And move to Oklahoma and just live at my aunt's house
Yeah, I romance the thought of leaving it all behind
Kanye step away from the lime
Light like when I was on the grind
In the 1-9-9-9
Before model chicks was bending over
Or dealerships asked me "Benz or Rover?"
Man, if I could just get one beat on Hova
We could get up off this cheap-ass sofa
What the summer of the Chi got to offer an eighteen-year-old?
Sell drugs or get a job, you gotta play your role
My dog worked at Taco Bell, hooked us up plural
Fired a week later, the manager count the churros
Sometimes I can't believe it when I look up in the mirro'
How we out in Europe, spending Euros
They claim you never know what you got 'til it's gone
I know I got it, I don't know what y'all on
I'ma open up a store for aspiring MCs
Won't sell 'em no dream, but the inspiration is free
But if they ever flip sides like Anakin
You'll sell everything including the mannequin
They got a new bitch, now you Jennifer Aniston
Hold on I'll handle it, don't start panickin', stay calm
Shorties at the door 'cause they need more
Inspiration for they life, they souls, and they songs
They said, "Sorry, Mr. West is gone"
This gon' be a sample right here
Okay
Dun-dun-dun-dun
Base on it, based on uh
Based on it, it's dunno
Based on 'em, based on 'em
To my love it, runnin' from it
For that vomit, got me ballin'
Ooh, ooh, darlin'
Darlin', darlin'
Good Lord, darlin'
Dunna, darlin'
Good Lord, darlin'
I love bumpin', I put some in
I got ball in, for the mornin'
I got movement on the fallen
Good Lord, darlin', little darlin'
Little AHH
Bun-dun that I knew from way back
Lights on, got a song, where that?
Do I play on a stage, get right
Uh-uh, little darlin'
Niggas startin', make it fallin'
Make it fallin' for me
Little darlin', make it fallin'
Make it fallin' for me, uh
Make it fallin' for me, for me
Since you went away, Southside serenade
Since you went away, Southside serenade
South-south-southside, southside
South-southside, southside
South-southside
Since you went away, Southside serenade
Since you went away, Southside serenade
South-south-southside


Bitches offa some', don't like me
You need to be right beside me
When I'm offa somethin', drivin'
Tell you 'bout the places I've been
She love that talk about the shop
She love that talk about the site
*gibberish*
And we went whooped that nigga ass
He never respected me again
So that nigga goin' in
I'm gon' work
Man, I just got like a little half of it done
That shit is tight
How many of us slept tonight
And they still all deny us
And they still all deny us
Locked up fighting fires
Imprisoned us fighting fires
And they still deny us
And they selling bias
I might be bias
My soul
I might be bias
Imprisoned us fighting fires
And they still deny us
My soul
And they selling bias
I might be bias
By my soul
It's still low
Please just come down take control
My soul
My soul
Baby, baby, baby
From the day I saw you
I really really wanna catch your eye
There's something special ’bout you
I must really like you
There's not a lotta guys are worth my time
Ooh baby, baby, baby
It's gettin’ kind of crazy
'Cause you are takin' over my mind
And it feels like ooh
But you don't know my name
And I swear, it feels like ooh (Ooh, ooh, ooh)
But you don't know my name
('Round and 'round and 'round we go, will you ever know?)
Oh, baby baby baby
I see us on our first date
You’re doin’ everything that makes me smile
And when we had our first kiss
It happened on a Thursday
Ooh, it set my soul on fire
Ooh baby, baby, baby
I can't wait for the first time
My imagination’s runnin' wild
It feels like ooh
But you don't know my name
And I swear it, baby, it feels like ooh (Ooh, ooh, ooh)
But you don't know my name
(’Round and 'round and 'round we go, will you ever know?)
"I'm sayin', he don't even know what he's doin' to me
Got me feelin' all crazy inside
I'm feelin like, "Oww! (Ooh, ooh, ooh)
Doin' more than I've ever done for anyone's attention
Take notice of what's in front of you
'Cause did I mention?
You're 'bout to miss a good thing
And you'll never know how good it feels to have all of my affection
And you'll never get a chance to experience my lovin'
'Cause my lovin' feels like ooh
But you don't know my name
('Round and 'round and 'round we go, will you ever know?)
And I swear it feels like ooh (Ooh, ooh, ooh)
But you don't know my name
('Round and 'round and 'round we go, will you ever know?)
Will you ever know it?
No no no no no, no no
Will you ever know it?
"I'm gonna have to just go ahead and call this boy
Hello? Can I speak to -- to Michael?
Oh hey, how you doin'?
Uh, I feel kinda silly doin' this, but uhh...
This is the waitress from the coffee house on 39th and Lennox
You know, the one with the braids?
Yeah, well I see you on Wednesdays all the time
You come in every Wednesday on your lunch break, I think
And you always order the special, with the hot chocolate
And my manager be tripping and stuff
Talking 'bout we gotta use water
But I always use some milk and cream for you
'Cause I think you're kinda sweet
Anyway, you always got on some fly blue suit
'N your cuff links are shining all bright
So, whatchu do? Oh, word? Yeah, that's interesting
Look man, I mean I don't wanna waste your time, but...
I know girls don't usually do this
But I was wondering if maybe we could get together
Outside the restaurant one day?
'Cause I do look a lot different outside my work clothes
I mean, we could just go across the street to the park right here
Wait, hold up, my cell phone's breakin' up, hold up
Can you hear me now? Yeah
So, what day did you say?
Oh yeah, Thursday's perfect, man"
And it feels like ooh
But you don't know my name
('Round and 'round and 'round we go, will you ever know?)
And I swear on my mother and father it feels like...
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh
But you don't know my name
('Round and 'round and 'round we go, will you ever know?)

Go check my average, I'm on the arrogant
I give up (?) if she is relevant
I'm the magnificent, ain't that imperative
I'm gonna whoop this-
I know it's gon' be a lotta conversation after tonight. Khaled, I love you, I know you got killers in Miami, please do not send 'em at my head, I just wanna have a conversation about how you playing radio's game. Khaled, you a real nigga. Khaled, you a real nigga, you got the keys. But as we learn all the politics, and niggas was doing for years, Obama couldn't make America great, because he couldn't be him, to be who he was.
Black men have been slaves, Obama wasn't allowed to do this, *screech*, and still win. He had to be perfect, but being perfect don't always change shit bro. Being perfect don't always change shit bro.
So when I'm talking about MTV -- Let me explain something. I was hurt. Beyonce, I was hurt because I wanted to present a video called "Famous", and out of respect, MTV told me "Mr. West, I don't respect you. I will let you know that Beyonce is winning the video tonight, for formation, over Hotline Bling and Famous." They told me beforehand so I wouldn't run on stage. Ay bruh, y'all ain't gotta fuck with me, but you know I got the vision, and you know I'mma keep it real with you.
Beyonce, I was hurt, I went down 7 years on behalf of yo --
Ay nigga, don't throw no shit when I'm talkin'!
Motherfuckers might feel a way about this tonight. Beyonce, I was hurt, 'cause I heard that you said you wouldn't perform unless you won Video Of The Year over ME, and over Hotline Bling. In my opinion -- Now don't go trying to diss Beyonce. She is great. Taylor Swift is great. We are all great people. We are all equal. But sometimes, we be playing the politics too much, and forgetting who we are, just to win. Fuck winning. Fuck looking cool. Fuck looking cool. Fuck being cool. Fuck all that, bruh!
I been sitting here, to give y'all my truth, even at the risk of my own life. Even at the risk of my own success. My own career. I been sitting here, to give y'all the truth. JAY Z, call me bruh. You still ain't called me!
JAY Z call me, Ay bruh, I know you got killers, don't send 'em at my head! Just call me! Talk to me like a man.
I'm trying to be THE man, I just am A man. The same as everybody in here. I ain't above, below, none of y'all. We all equal. We all equal. These are the vibes, bro. This is the future. This is the way of thinking to Make America Great Again. Hahaha, ayo, you like that. Guess what? Guess what? Y'all need the vibes. I was hurt, feelings matter. The way motherfuckers put money up so high, popularity, radio spins, feelings matter bruh. Feelings matter bruh. It's a new world, Hillary Clinton. It's a new world. Feelings matter. 'Cause guess what? Everybody in middle-America felt a way, and they showed you how they felt. Feelings matter, bruh. It's a new world. It's a new world, Barrack. It's a new world, JAY Z. Ay, don't send killers at my head, this ain't the Malcom X movie, we growing from that moment. Let 'Ye be 'Ye. Oh wait a second, do y'all agree with that? Let 'Ye be 'Ye! Wait a second, I ain't hearing no screams on that. Let 'Ye be 'Ye. People, I'm not saying this out of my own well being, because it wouldn't be smart out of my own well being to say things like this. Radio, I done talked to you a bunch of motherfucking times. Y'all motherfuckers is behind the times. Because guess what? The Saint Pablo tour is the most relevant shit happening.

Guess what, baby? I feel free (Scoop!)
Nothin' hurts me anymore
Guess what, baby? I feel free
Created from no-no-no
Guess what, baby? I feel free
And you know damn well
I don't feel pain anymore
Guess what, babe? I am free
You should quit your job to this
Hold up, let 'em jog from this
Got blunts or what, one stun of lumps
Don't slow the lumps
Got grrrrr
I don't feel pain anymore
Guess what, babe? I am free
This like a mix of some Ja Rule shit
And some King Fool shit
Under rude, city news shit
This is a fool's shit
I'm on some ooze shit
I'm on some wildin' out in the news shit
I'm on some Doctor Blues and
Psycho, kind of lose it
Don't con-confuse it
Leo called me artist and said, "Don't lose the music"
I got no reclusion
I've been known to cruise it
We stuck with a some motherfuckers you don't know like a cruise ship
Had a son, news shit
Banging on that new shit
Popstar movement
And he going foolish
Many going stupid
Man ain't got the movement
In the cut, I'm foolin'
Sorry, couldn't use it, uh
Guess not, bum-bum-bum, yeah, anymore
Guess what, babe? I feel free
I don’t really wanna, uh, talk too much shit
But you love it when I talk like I lost it
And I love how you look when you blazin’
And I swear you turn at least half Asian
And we about to have a liaison
She so cool, give head with her shades on (whoa)
You should just go and throw a cape on (whoa)
And it’s just so amazing
There goes the bed
There go there goes the bed sheets
There goes the bed
There go there goes the bed sheets
There goes the bed
There go there goes the bed sheets
There goes the bed
There go there goes the bed sheets
There goes the bed
There go there goes the bed sheets
There goes the bed
There go there goes the bed sheets
There goes the bed
There go there goes the bed sheets
There goes the bed
There go there goes the bed sheets

Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up
Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up, yeah


Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up
Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up, yeah
Talk to the, talk to the, hand
Bitch, you talking to a grown ass man
It’s like, way-way-way too much up in your pants
For us not to make the bed squeak
(There goes the bed sheets)
Everybody rip the swag off 'fore I rip the tag off
Why my pants sag off? 'Cause I’m rapping my ass off
Flow so ugly, money so handsome
This the fucking anthem, get it? The fucking anthem

What you you got
What you got is so niagara
Make a young nigga
Straight need viagra
Make a old nigga give keys to jaguar
Just to keep from all the cheese and laughter
What you you got
What you got is so niagara
Make a young nigga
Straight need viagra
Make a old nigga give keys to jaguar
Just to keep from all the cheese and laughter
What you you got
What you got is so niagara
Make a young nigga
Straight need viagra
Make a old nigga give keys to jaguar
Just to keep from all the cheese and laughter
Tellin the homegirls that he couldn't stay up
In a restaurant with her voice way up
Please keep it discreet
Keep the business outta the street
She said i wouldn't have
If you didn't handle biz
Up in the sheets
You pop up like you dang dang
You keep keep
And everytime she bang bang
You skeet skeet
And you show full head
And try to 3-peat
Try imaginin
Something passionate
Between you cassie and
Kim kardasian
Maybe thatll work when
You get to hit that ass again
Or you could grab a red bull
And sip that twice
Now yall could have sexy time
Its nice


Everyone lacks confidence, they lack confidence
I took a chance, rolled the dice
I guess a rose can bloom twice
How many times was the potential anonymous how many times. Does the city make promises. It made me promises so I
promise this. So I can turn a curse into grace. So I can have a chance to bloom twice like a rose
All the way, I believe in me
Just believe in you, let me do me
You like it, cool, you don’t fast forward
I could see their loyalty for money
G’s turning into enemies, they be acting all friendly until it turns into animosity
And they be back for the royalties
That is the funny thing about money
It turned homey to zombies
Want to cash out my dead body
Kind of unlucky that the only ones close to me is 13
I am always striving and prospering like rocky. I don’t care for smoke but only want cream. So this is for your eyes only. And I don’t mind if you don’t understand me
Everyone lacks confidence, they lack confidence
I took a chance, rolled the dice
I guess a rose can bloom twice
How many times was the potential anonymous how many times. Does the city make promises. It made me promises so I promise this. So I can turn a curse into grace. So I can have a chance to bloom twice like a rose
And r i p to nipsey, pac and biggie
They wanted to help their community because there was blood in the streets
After 3 weeks, we went back to the killing
As if we had forgotten their message with their legacy
And me all I want to do is to connect the city like j to z
So much that my enemies still respect me
I am not flashy, just value different things
And be real with my homies and is now over all the beefs
And now I am going vertically but still becoming a better me
Everyone lacks confidence, they lack confidence
I took a chance, rolled the dice
I guess a rose can bloom twice
How many times was the potential anonymous how many times. Does the city make promises. It made me promises so I promise this. So I can turn a curse into grace. So I can have a chance to bloom twice like a rose
Let's go!
One, and two, and three, and four, and get them sit-ups right, and
Tuck your tummy tight and do your crunches like this
Give–, stop, breathe, get up, check your weave
Don't drop the blunt and disrespect the weed
Pick up your son and don't disrespect your seed
It's a party tonight and ooh, she's so excited
Tell me who's invited: you, your friends and–
Uh, what's scary to me
Henny makes girls look like Halle Berry to me
So excuse me miss, I forgot your name
Thank you, God bless you, good night, I came
I came, I came, I came
Now, it's been a week without me
And she feel weak without me
She wanna talk it out but
Ain't nothin' to talk about
Unless she's talkin' 'bout freakin' out
Baby, we can work it out
C'mon, work it out, let me hear you say, work it out
Let me hear you say (Work it out)
I gotta hear you say (Work it out now)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, say what? (Maybe we can work it out)
Ooh, girl, your silhouette make me wanna light a cigarette
My name Kanye from the Jigga set, Twista said, "Get It Wet"
Ooh, girl, your breath is harsh
Cover your mouth up like you got SARS
Off them tracks, yeah, I bought them cars
Still kill a nigga on 16 (Bars)
We ain't sweating to the oldies, we juking to a cold beat
Maybe one day, girl, we can bone
So you can brag to all your homies (Now)
But I still mess with a big girl, if you ain't fit, girl, I'll still hit it, girl
One and, you brought two friends
Okay, three more, now hop in the Benz
Four-door: do y'all know the difference between a five, six– uh
Say, all the mocha lattes, you gotta do Pilates
You gotta pop this tape in 'fore you start back datin'
Hustlers, gangstas, all us ballers, uh
It's been a week without me
And she feel weak without me
She wanna talk it out but
Ain't nothin' to talk about
Unless she talkin' 'bout freakin' out
Then maybe we can work it out
C'mon, work it out, let me hear you say (Work it out)
I need to hear you say (Work it out)
I gotta hear you say (Work it out now)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, say what? (Maybe we can work it out)

(Ant Clemons:) (Woo-ooh, ooh-ooh)
(Kanye West:) Switch your⁠—switch your attitude
Go 'head, level up yourself
This that different latitude
(Ant Clemons:) Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh
(Kanye West:) Life too short, don't troll yourself
Feel that feel, enjoy yourself
(Ant Clemons:) We have everything we need





Uh
There's a whole world to see
Can't see it
If you're sitting on your hands
You major
Come on homie we major
Down south smoking the flavors
Come on homie we major
Uh
Get green light, the tree copped with each invest-able
Prom night experience
My date for the night, body is so delirious
Saved all year, so I could stunt all summer
Shorty got sex in her eyes, she see how we coming
I need an Audi and a BM
Some dime chicks and the whips European
More than workouts
Type of calls that will bring the church out
That's what I had to get this verse out
Young, rich, independent
'Bout my business
Street life will make anybody turn religious
A couple fast food chains, my cousin's so ambitious
Don't like dogs, but he has four bitches
Japanese cotton, a goddess in the penthouse
Straight plottin', Jones in this $400 dollar cologne, options
Like leather and a sunroof
Look what them hundreds done you
What was my major?
Only to be major
Every section that we in, birthday behavior
Major, this ain't that, I'ma have to pay you later
No alligator
My crocodile go more important for the paper
Pass me my vapor
You're such a fuckin' ho, I love it
You're such a fuckin' ho, I love it


Now-now it's like for the way they come out
You ordered the sparklin' water and shit
They ain't even ask you and shit
Why you so-? You changed, you changed
You're such a fuckin' h—
I'm a sick fuck, I like a quick fuck (Whoop!)
I'm a sick fuck, I like a quick fuck (Whoop!)
I'm a sick fuck, I like a quick fuck (Whoop!)
I'm a sick fuck, I like a quick fuck (Whoop!)
I'm a sick fuck, I like a quick fuck
I like my dick sucked, I'll buy you a sick truck
I'll buy you some new tits, I'll get you that nip-tuck
How you start a family? The condom slipped up
I'm a sick fuck, I'm inappropriate
I like hearin' stories, I like that ho shit
I wanna hear mo' shit, I like the ho shit
Send me some mo' shit, you triflin' ho bitch (Bitch, bitch, bitch)


Gossip, gossip, nigga, just stop it
Everybody know I'm a motherfucking monster
I'ma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
I'ma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
Profit, profit, nigga, I get it
Everybody know I'm a motherfucking monster
I'ma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
I'ma need to see your fucking hands
Uh, the best living or dead hands down, huh
Less talk, more head right now, huh
And my eyes more red than the devil is
And I'm 'bout to take it to another level, bitch
Nah, nah, who you go and get, ain't nobody cold as this
Do the rap and the track, triple double, no assists
And my only focus is staying on some bogus shit
Arguing with my older bitch, acting like I owe her shit
I heard that people sing raps to give the track pain
Bought the chain that always give me back pain
Fucking up my money so, yeah, I had to act sane
Chi nigga but these hoes love my accent
Chick came up to me and said, "This the number to dial
If you wanna make your number one your number two now"
Mix that Goose and Malibu, I call it "Malibooyah"
Goddamn, Yeezy, how he hit 'em with a new style?
Know that motherfucker well: "What you gon' do now?"
Whatever I wanna do, gosh! It's cool now
Know I'm gonna do, ah, it's the new now
Think you motherfuckers really really need to cool out
Gossip, gossip, nigga, just stop it
Everybody know I'm a motherfucking monster
I'ma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
I'ma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
Profit, profit, nigga, I get it
Everybody know I'm a motherfucking monster
I'ma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
I'ma need to see your fucking hands
Uh, look like a fat booty Celine Dion
Sex is on fire, I'm the King of Leon-a Lewis
Beyond the truest, hey, teacher, teacher
Tell me how do you respond to students?
That's the monster with the flows, monster with the shows
Monster with clothes, monster with the hoes
Buy 'em new heels just to keep 'em on they toes
Keep it Drew Hill, fly steps from the door
The plan was to drink until the pain over
But what's worse, the pain or the hangover?
Fresh air, rollin' down the window
Too many Urkels on your team, that's why your wins low
Don't make me pull the toys out, huh
Don't make me pull the toys
And fire up the engines, huh
And then they make noise
Gossip, gossip, nigga, just stop it
Everybody know I'm a motherfucking monster
I'ma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
I'ma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
Profit, profit, nigga, I get it
Everybody know I'm a motherfucking monster
I'ma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
I'ma need to see your fucking hands


Dreams
Keep dreaming
Cause I don't know
How to complete it
Sun
Keeps shining
And making a glisten
From the tears I'm crying
We have nothing to fear
But fear itself
We're not forced to love
But let's love ourself
Start here first
Then to the world
Life too short, enjoy yourself
Don't be scared to ask for help
Pave the way
To a light day
Find the right way
To your bright estate
There's so much I someday wanna do
So much I wanna try & prove
I'm honestly not one to go & brag
But there's really so much I have
To offer to ya'll
My creative ideas can fill a whole mall
But I'll make my prices cheap
But the ideas deep
Everything I make has a message
And I try not to teach ya'll a lesson
You do you
You stay true
I wish I learned that earlier
Good thing I was told by a little bird
Now I can sleep at night
And accept my non-normal life
Pave the way
To a light day
Find the right way
To your bright estate
Anxiety gets the best of me
Like North Korea could bomb us any week
And our final moments are us turning to debris
That's something I'm afraid to see
I wanna be in the generation like Kylie
And not fitting in with Abercrombie
I'm trying be free
And not drowned in a sea of people thirsty
For attention
What a weird dimension
That we all now living in
Was this the intention?
Might need an intervention
To see inside these walls
And see them having withdrawals
From one once was
Pave the way
To a light day
Find the right way
To your bright estate

Stadium status
My big brother was B.I.G.'s brother
Used to be Dame and Biggs' brother
Who was Hip Hop brother, who was No I.D. friend
No I.D. my mentor, now let the story begin
It's the Hard Knock Life Tour, sellout
Picture us in the mall, coppin' Iceberg and yell out "Jigga"
Yeah, that's what we'll yell out, yell out
You know the name do I gotta spell out or tell 'bout
J-A-Y, and 'Ye so shy
Now he won't even step to his idol to say hi
Standing there like a mime and let the chance pass by
Back of my mind, "He could change your life
With all these beats I did, at least let him hear it
At least you can brag to ya friends back at the gig"
But he got me out my momma crib
Then he help me get my momma a crib
Big brother was B.I.G.'s brother
Used to be Dame and Biggs' brother
Who was Hip Hop brother, who was No I.D. friend
No I.D. my mentor, now let the story begin, begin
Let the story begin
If you feel the way I feel why don't you wave your hands?
Fresh off the plane, I'm off to Baseline
Nothing handed out, I'm 'bout to take mine
'round the same time of that Blueprint 1
And these beats in my pocket was that blueprint for him
I'd play my little songs in that old back room
He'd bob his head and say "Damn! Oh, that's you?"
But by The Black Album, I was blacking out
Partyin' S.O.B.'s and we had packed a crowd
Big brother got his show up at Madison Square
And I'm like "Yeah, yeah, we gon' be there" but
Not only did I not get a chance to spit it
Carline told me I could buy two tickets
I guess big brother was thinkin' a little different
And kept little brother at bay, at a distance
But everything that I felt was more bogus
Only made me more focused, only wrote more potent
Only thing I wanna know is why I get looked over
I guess I'll understand when I get more older
Big brother saw me at the bottom of the totem
Now I'm on the top and everybody on the scrotum
My big brother was B.I.G.'s brother
Used to be Dame and Biggs' brother
Who was Hip Hop brother, who was No I.D. friend
No I.D. my mentor, now let the story begin, begin
Let the story begin
If you feel the way I feel why don't you wave your hands?
Have you ever walked in the shadow of a giant?
Not only a client, the Presidito, hola, Hovito
The game gettin' foul so here's a free throw
I was always on the other side of the peephole
Then I dropped "Jesus Walks" now I'm on the steeple
And we know, "New Jack City"—got to keep my brother
But to be number one I'ma beat my brother
On that "Diamonds" remix I swore I spazzed
I guess Beanie's style was more of a slam dunk
And my shit was more like a finger roll
But I had them singles though
And them hoes at the show gonna mingle, yo, heh, y'all know
I told Jay I did a song with Coldplay
Next thing I know he got a song with Coldplay
Back in my mind I'm like, "Damn, no way"
Translate, español: "No way, José"
Then I went and told Jay Brown
Shoulda known that was gonna come back around
Shoulda talked to you like a man, shoulda told you first
But I told somebody else and that's what made shit worse
My big brother was B.I.G.'s brother
So here's a few words from ya kid brother
If you admire somebody you should go on 'head tell 'em
People never get the flowers while they can still smell 'em
A idol in my eyes, god of the game
Heart of the City, Roc-a-Fella chain
Never be the same, never be another
Number one, Young Hov, also my big brother
Big brother (x15)

Now, can I get a encore? Do you want more?
Cookin' raw with the Brooklyn boy
So for one last time I need y'all to roar
Now what the hell are you waitin' for?
After me, there shall be no more
So for one last time, nigga, make some noise!
Make it, send it with your hand, make it
*mumbling*
Say you gonna gonna, gotta Band-Aid it
They done told me some', now that's the fan's favorite
Heard they duna-duna, what's your plan, baby?
Take your duna-duna to the stand, baby
I don't think you would understand lately
Rollin' late stunner, cut it up
Make it for the summer, make it sun
Everythin' designer, you assume
Ahead of 'em, and I know, goin' up
Duna, go-oh, bom-bom, come on
*incomprehensible*
Sell it for the low, though
Tell 'em that's a no-no
Dubai loan, though
I ain't gon' do
Dolo, stomp, four, four
Not for a photo, stop for a photo
Dono, I got done in domo
And they want a photo, and they tryna slow up
Somethin' if you know, though
I ain't got the photo, I ain't got the photo, yet, yet
Poppa's on deck
Don't sweat, yeah, I can afford a vet
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, money on deck
Deck, deck, sweat, I bet they gettin' swept on
Don't step that, yeah, they did it for the rep
Don't step, yeah, yeah, I'm five on a debt, yeah
Uh, uh, uh, yeah, you lyin' on a bed
So be ridin' on a vest, I can find on a debt
How he dyin' on the dash, how he dyin' on the dash
Yeah, yeah
Oh, down on my knees
Next to me
Oh, down on my knees
Next to me
All is well
Can you smell what I'm sayin'?
Can you smell what I'm layin'?
Versace my sheets, Versace my briefs
Snippet #2
Niggas shittin' on a nigga, baby, flee out (Haha)
50k spent on a new jet, nigga, flee out (Ah)
Hundred thousand dollars on a...
Mama said always keep your head held high
Mama said always pray to man up high
Mama said always keep a woman in your life
But she never said I need to care about me myself and I
Oh No
Niggas scared to pay the dues that they owe, whoa
Niggas scared to even match up to flow, whoa
You looking beautiful on the other side, I
Lemme take you on a ride ride ride

Imma Take You Imma Take You Imma Take You
Imma take you out this world
Imma Take You Imma Take You Imma Take You
Imma take you out this world
Imma Take You Imma Take You Imma Take You
Imma take you out this world
Imma Take You Imma Take You Imma Take You
Imma take you out this world


Y'all know what it is, uh, yeah, uh





Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
I fantasized 'bout this back in Chicago
Mercy, mercy me, that Murcielago
That's me, the first year that I blow
How you say broke in Spanish? Me no hablo
(This copy is for Hype Williams)
Me drown sorrow in that Diablo
Me found bravery in my bravado
DJs need to listen to the models
"You ain't got no fuckin' Yeezy in your Serato?"
You ain't got no Yeezy, nigga?
Stupid, but what the fuck do I know?
I'm just a Chi-town nigga with a Nas flow
And my bitch in that new Phoebe Philo
So much head, I woke up to Sleepy Hollow

Look like a fat booty Celine Dion
Sex is on fire, I'm the King of Leon-a Lewis
Beyond the truest, hey, teacher, teacher
Tell me how do you respond to students?
And refresh the page and restart the memory?
Re-spark the soul and rebuild the energy?
We stopped the ignorance, we killed the enemies
Sorry for the night demons that still visit me
The plan was to drink until the pain over
But what's worse, the pain or the hangover?
Fresh air, rollin' down the window
(This copy is for Hype Williams)
Too many Urkels on your team, that's why your wins low
Don't make me pull the toys out, huh
Don't make me pull the toys
And fire up the engines
And then they make noise









I believe that there's a big future out there with a lot of beautiful things
Lot of handsome men, lot of luxury
I want a car, I want to be able to get anything...
I want this, this is what I want, and I'm gonna go for it
I want to live a normal happy life, whether it's being married and adopting children
Whether it's being famous and rich, I want so much more
I want... I want my name to be a household product in the high fashion world

Bam, 'ey 'ey 'ey
Bam bam, bam, bam bam dilla
Bam bam 'ey 'ey 'ey
What a bam, bam, bam bam dilla
How you feeling right now? Let me see your lighters in the air
Bam bam 'ey 'ey 'ey 'ey 'ey
Bam bam 'ey 'ey 'ey
What a bam
Let me see your middle finger in the air
Bam 'ey 'ey 'ey
Bam bam, bam, bam bam dilla
Let me see you act up in this motherfucker
Bam bam 'ey 'ey 'ey
What a bam, bam, bam bam dilla
How you feelin', how you feelin, how you feelin' in this mother fucker, god damn
Bam bam 'ey 'ey 'ey 'ey 'ey
Bam bam 'ey 'ey 'ey
What a bam
One thing you can't do is stop us now
Bam 'ey 'ey 'ey
Bam bam bam, bam bam dilla
Ayy, you can't stop the thing now
Bam bam 'ey 'ey 'ey
What a bam, bam, bam bam dilla
Man, it's way too late, it's way too late, it's way too late, you can't fuck with us
Bam bam, 'ey 'ey 'ey 'ey 'ey
Bam bam, 'ey 'ey 'ey
What a bam
To the left, to the right
Bam 'ey 'ey 'ey
Bam bam bam, bam bam dilla
I wanna see everybody hands in the air like this
Bam bam 'ey 'ey 'ey
What a bam, bam, bam bam dilla
Bam bam 'ey 'ey 'ey 'ey 'ey
Bam bam 'ey 'ey 'ey
What a bam, bam



I just wanna feel liberated, I-I, na-na-na
Who can I turn to?
I just wanna feel liberated, I-I, na-na-na
After all, who can I turn to?
If I ever instigated, I am sorry
If I don't turn to you
Tell me who in here could relate, I-I-I
No other help I know, I stretch my hands
Now, if I fuck this model
And she just bleached her asshole
And I get bleach on my T-shirt
I'ma feel like an asshole
I was high when I met her
We was down in Tribeca
She'll get under your skin if you let her
She'll get under your skin if you-uh
I don't even wanna talk about it
I don't even wanna talk about it
I don't even wanna say nothin'
Everybody gon' say somethin'
I'd be worried if they said nothin'
Remind me where I know you from
She lookin' like she owe you some'n
You know just what we want
I wanna wake up with you in my...
I wanna wake up with you in my...

I just wanna feel liberated, I-I, na-na-na
Who can I turn to?
I just wanna feel liberated, I-I, na-na-na
After all, who can I turn to?
If I ever instigated, I am sorry
If I don't turn to you
Tell me who in here could relate, I-I-I
No other help I know, I stretch my hands


They say its strength in numbers
But I feel stronger than a mother on my own two feet
September 18th, Ultimate Victory
Uh, I be looking at the magazines and the magazines be like
You know, Houston we have a problem or
Is Houston over or, is Houston done or
Who's gonna hold it up and
I'm like, "What? What that got to do with me?"
Nothing, you know what I'm talking bout?
I mean, I talk all that trash about, you know
Not loving rap like I used to, but at the same time
I'm leaving when I'm ready to leave yo
Like that's real talk, I'mma leave the game when I'm ready to leave
Thank you for downloading Mixtape Messiah part 3
Thank you for checking out the DVD
Hey man, ya'll go get that album, Ultimate Victory, September 18th
Sorry I couldn't make it a little bit longer than this
But uh, you know I do have an album coming out in a couple months man so
Ya'll need to go get that, three w's dot myspace dot com slash chamillionaire
Baller updates, chamillionaire dot com
XM Radio every Friday at 6pm, it go down man, Chamillitary radio
I'm still in it, still on my grind, still focused man
Uh, until Mixtape Messiah part 4
Let's go
Um, I'd like to introduce myself
Coming to a theater near you this summer or, really, like right now
Oh
It's Kanye, to the
I used to live in the movies, you know
So uh, get your popcorn, get your condiments
Turn your cellphones off, you don't wanna miss nothing
I had to stab big nigga, tryna sell me a lick
He said "Analyze this, this as good as it gets"
Now don't be bedazzled by the purple haze
It ain't gon be the color of *Purple Rain*
I told him
Just break it off, light it up, set it off man
How hot? Better make Eddie cough, man
And them shrooms'll have a man on the moon
Cookin up flow in the boiler room
I want DMX style of run, exit wound
I want the X-Men around me, Malcolm X could use
Like no one man should have all that power
Get all that powder in 48 hours
And he stick the kingpin. or king of New York
They probably just queens of comedy
If you in my things, you *Suicide Kings*
There's only *Three Kings*, *Me, Myself and Irene*
And I'm livin' the movies, not livin by rules
It's just a movie, don't lose your cool
I'm livin the movies, not livin by rules
It's just a movie, don't lose your cool
Sit back and enjoy the show
They call me *Edward Scissorhands* cause I'm trying to cut
She claim she got cramps, I'm gon' get you to suck
And you not gon' use your teeth, you hear?
You gon' find out *What Lies Beneath* right here
*The Preacher's Wife* don't give head, get a divorce, man
*The Kids* been calling you the headless horseman
Like *Sleepy Hollow*, see she swallow
Suck like ol' girl, got booed at *Apollo 13*, *Ghosts*
Use my *Hollow Man* for *Friday 13th*
You be *Ghost*, *Backdraft* from the toast
Niggas who drop names is oh so shameless
Get a chain that's stainless, now they *Almost Famous*
My bling got 'em calling me *Lord of the Rings*
*The Shining* make it hard for her to *Do The Right Thing*
But *I Don't Say a Word*, I'll never tell
Until you get a Kanye beat, you'll never sell
And I'm livin' the movies, not livin by rules
It's just a movie, don't lose your cool
I'm livin the movies, not livin by rules
It's just a movie, don't lose your cool
Sit back and enjoy the show
I know *Something About Mary* (mm-hmm)
*I Know What You Did Last Summer* before Sally met Harry
Back when I was sprung on *Carrie*
Must've been on some *Shallow Hal*
Cause she was definitely wasn't no Halle Barry
I guess I did it for the *Glory*
Now the players love that *Neverending Story*
My Christian story, shorty
Talked about my outfit, but they quit
Cause I'll shoot your eye out, kid
Don't forget
My school days back in *Cooley High*
I wasn't trippin, just foolish, just crusin by
Yo Gerard, Dr. Nichols in the hospital
Yo, I was out to prove that it was possible
And why your *Bodyguard* come home like Kevin Costner do
I love men who can pimp her, like a prostitute
I tell her this relationship is like the 1st rule of *Fight Club*-
Don't talk about *Fight Club*
And I'm livin' the movies, not livin by rules
It's just a movie, don't lose your cool
I'm livin the movies, not livin by rules
It's just a movie, don't lose your cool
Sit back and enjoy the show

Man, I promise, she's so self-conscious
She has no idea what she doin' in college
That major that she majored in don't make no money
But she won't drop out, her parents'll look at her funny
Now, tell me that ain't insecurr
The concept of school seems so securr
Sophomore, three yurrs, ain't picked a carurr
She like, " ---- , I'll just stay down hurr and do hair."
‘Cause that's enough money to buy her a few pairs
Of new Airs, her baby daddy don't really care
She's so precious with the peer pressure
Couldn't afford a car, so she named her daughter Alexis
Her had hair so long that it looked like weave
Then she cut it all off, now she look like Eve
And she be dealin' with some issues that you can't believe
Single black female addicted to retailers, and well

Man, I promise, I'm so self-conscious
That's why you always see me with at least one of my watches
Rollie's and Pasha's done drove me crazy
I can't even pronounce nothin', pass that Ver-say-see!
Then I spent four hundred bucks on this (for real)
Just to be like, "Nigga, you ain't up on this."
And I can't even go to the grocery store
Without some Ones that's clean - a shirt with a team
It seem we livin' the American Dream
But the people highest up got the lowest self-esteem
The prettiest people do the ugliest things
For the road to riches and diamond rings
We shine because they hate us, floss 'cause they degrade us
We tryna buy back our 40 acres
And for that paper, look how low we'll stoop
Even if you in a Benz, you still a nigga in a coupe

I say, "Fuck the police," that's how I treat 'em
We buy our way out of jail, but we can't buy freedom
We'll buy a lot of clothes, but we don't really need 'em
Things we buy to cover up what's inside
'Cause they made us hate ourself and love they wealth
That's why shorty's hollerin', "Where the ballers at?"
Drug dealer buy Jordan, crackhead buy crack
And George Bush get paid off of all of that
But I ain't even gon' act holier than thou
'Cause fuck it, I went to Jacob with 25 thou
Before I had a house and I'd do it again
I wanna be on 106 & Park, pushin' a Benz
I want to act ballerific like it's all terrific
I got a couple past-due bills, I won't get specific
I got a problem with spendin' before I get it
We all self-conscious, I'm just the first to admit it

All of the lights, lights, all of the lights
(This copy is for Hype Williams)
All of the lights
All of the lights, all of the lights
(This copy is for Hype Williams)
Something wrong, I hold my head
MJ gone, our nigga dead
I slapped my girl, she called the feds
I did that time and spent that bread
I'm heading home, I'm almost there
I'm on my way, heading up the stairs
To my surprise, a nigga replacing me
I had to take him to that ghetto university
(All of the lights) Cop lights, flashlights, spotlights
Strobe lights, street lights (All of the lights, all of the lights)
Fast life, drug life, thug life
Rock life, stripper life
(This copy is for Hype Williams)
Restraining order, can't see my daughter
Her mother, brother, grandmother hate me in that order
Public visitation, we met at Borders
Told her she take me back, I'll be more supportive
I made mistakes, I bumped my head
The courts sucked me dry, I spent that bread
She need her daddy, baby, please
Can't let her grow up in that ghetto university
(All of the lights) Cop lights, flashlights, spotlights
Strobe lights, street lights (All of the lights, all of the lights)
Fast life, drug life, thug life
Rock life, stripper life (All of the lights)

I am rich and I am brilliant
We are not the same I am too reckless
I'm not tryna go in that direction
These niggas they been doing too much flexing
But they about to follow my intention
And I ain't got no patience, no more testing
I do shit how I want, don't need no blessing
XO niggas, ain't nothing to mess with
Nobody stopping us, cause we been destined
And everybody around you is so basic
I'm never rocking white, I'm like a racist
I don't drink my liquor with a chaser
And money is the only thing I'm chasin'
End some dope nights on some coke lines
Give me head all night, cum four times
Baby girl just wanna smoke a pound
Do an ounce get some dick, tell your friends about it
Go tell your friends about it (about it)
Go tell your friends about it (about it)
Go tell them what you know, what you seen
How I roll, how I'd be on the low
Go tell your friends about it (about it)
Go tell your friends about it (about it)
I'm the nigga with the hair Singing bout
Poppin pills, fucking bitches, living life, so trill
Last year I did all the politicin'
This year I'm all focused on the vision
I think these hoes deserve another fixin'
Talking about the ones from the beginning
Don't believe the rumours bitch, I'm still a user
I'm still rocking camo, I still roll with shooters
I'm a villain in my city, I just made another killing
I'mma spend it all on bitches
And everybody fuckin, everybody fucking
Pussy on the house, everybody fucking
And I miss my city man it's been a minute
M.I.A. a habit, Cali was the mission
Cruise through the west-end in my new Benz
I'm just trynna live life through a new lens
Driving by the streets I used to walk through
When I had no crib I guess you call that shit a miracle
Go tell your friends about it (about it)
Go tell your friends about it (about it)
Go tell them what you know, what you seen
How I roll, how I'd be on the low
Tell 'em this boy wasn't made for loving
Tell 'em this heart doesn't stay to one
I'll be the same, never changed for nothing
It's all I know, never learned much more
Mama called me destructive, oh yeah
Said it ruined me one day, yeah
Cause every woman that loved me, oh yeah
Seemed to push them away
That's real life, oh oh oh
Real life, ooh
Mama talking that real life, oh oh oh
That real life, real life, real life, real life
When it comes to being true, at least true to me
One thing I've found, one thing I found
Oh no, you'll never let me down
Get up, I get down, get up, I get down
Get up, I get down, get up, I get down
Get up, I get down, get up, I get down

When it comes to being true, at least true to me
One thing I've found, one thing I found
Oh no, you'll never let me down
Get up, I get down, get up, I get down
Get up, I get down, get up, I get down
Get up, I get down, get up
I get down for my grandfather who took my mama
Made her sit in that seat where white folks ain't want us to eat
At the tender age of 6, she was arrested for the sit-ins
And with that in my blood, I was born to be different
Now niggas can't make it to ballots to choose leadership
But we can make it to Jacob's and to the dealership
That's why I hear new music and I just don't be feelin' it
Racism's still alive, they just be concealin' it
But I know they don't want me in the damn club
They even made me show ID to get inside of Sam's Club
I done did dirt and went to church to get my hands scrubbed
Swear I've been baptized 'least three or four times
But in the land where niggas praise Yukons and getting paid
It's gonna take a lot more than coupons to get us saved
Like it take a lot more than doo rags to get you waves
Nothing sad as that day my girl's father passed away
So I promised to Mr. Rainey I'm gonna marry your daughter
And you know I gotta thank you for the way that she was brought up
And I know that you were smiling when you see the car I bought her
You sent tears from heaven when you seen my car get balled up
But I can't complain what the accident did to my left eye
'Cause look what an accident did to Left Eye
First Aaliyah now Romeo must die
I know I got angels watching me from the other side
When it comes to being true, at least true to me
One thing I've found, one thing I found
Oh no, you'll never let me down
Get up, I get down, get up, I get down
Get up, I get down, get up, I get down
Get up, I get down, get up, I get down

(Clapping and Cheering)
Hitting the stage right now to perform his new song called, big brother! Please show some love to, Kanye West!
Anthony Falcone
Exclusive Remix
Now keep you love
Now keep you love down
Keep your love, your love lock down
Keep your love, your love lock down
Keep your love, your love lock down
Keep your love, down down down
Keep your love, your love lock down
Keep your love, your love lock down
Keep your love, your love lock down
Keep your love, down down down
I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
What I had to do, had to run from you
I'm in love with you, but the vibe is wrong
And that haunted me, all the way home
So you never know, never never know
Never know enough, 'til it's over love
'Til we lose control, system overload
Screaming, "No, no, no, n-nooo!"
I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
See I wanna move, but can't escape from you
So I keep it low, keep a secret code
So everybody else don't have to know
So keep your love lockdown—your love lockdown
Keeping your love lockdown—your love lockdown
Now keep your love lockdown—your love lockdown
Now keep your love lockdown—you lose
So keep your love lockdown—your love lockdown
Keeping your love lockdown—your love lockdown
Now keep your love lockdown—your love lockdown
Now keep your love lockdown—you lose
Now keep your love, Now keep your love lockdown
Now keep your love, Now keep your love lockdown
Keep your love, your love lock down
Keep your love, your love lock down
Keep your love, your love lock down
Keep your love, down down down
Keep your love, your love lock down
Keep your love, your love lock down
Keep your love, your love lock down
Keep your love, down down down
Down Down, Down Down
Know keep your love, down
You lose
Down Down
Down Down
Down Down
Down Down

Keeping your love lockdown—your love lockdown
Keeping your love lockdown—your love lockdown
Now keep your love lockdown—your love lockdown
Now keep your love lockdown—you lose
So keep your love lockdown—your love lockdown
Keeping your love lockdown—your love lockdown
Now keep your love lockdown—your love lockdown
Now keep your love lockdown—you lose (You lose, You lose)
You Lose
Down Down
Down Down
Down Down
You Lose (You lose, You lose)
La la la la la la lah, la la la la la lah
That's that crack music, crack music
That real black music
La la la la la la la lah, la la la la la lah
Uh, yeah
How we stop the Black Panthers?
Ronald Reagan cooked up an answer
You hear that? What Gil Scott was hearin'
When our heroes or heroines got hooked on heroin
Crack raised the murder rate in D.C. and Maryland
We invested in that, it's like we got Merrill lynched
And we been hangin' from the same tree ever since
Sometimes I feel the music is the only medicine
So we cook it, cut it, measure it, bag it
Sell it, the fiends cop it, nowadays they can't tell if
That's that good shit, we ain't sure, man
Put the CD on your tongue, yeah, that's pure, man
Uh, that's that crack music, crack music
Yeah, that real black music
La la la la la la la lah, la la la la la lah
Yeah, uh, yeah, that's that crack music, crack music
Yeah, that real black music, black music
La la la la la la la lah, la la la la la lah
Yeah, yeah, uh, uh
From the place where the father's gone
The mothers is hardly home
And the Madigan's lock us up in the Audy Home
How the Mexicans say, we just tryin' to party holmes
They wanna pack us all in a box like styrofoam
Who gave Saddam anthrax?
George Bush got the answers
Back in the hood it's a different type of chemical
Arm & Hammer baking soda raised they whole quota
Right when our soldiers, ran for the stove 'cause
'Cause, dreams of being Hova
Went from bein' a broke man to bein' a dopeman
To bein' a President, look there's hope, man
This that inspiration for the Moes and the Folks, man
Shorty come and see his momma straight overdosin'
Yeah, and this is the soundtrack
This the type of music that you make when you 'round that
Uh, crack music, crack music
Yeah, that real black music, black music
La la la la la la la lah, la la la la la lah
Yeah, uh, uh, listen, that's that crack music, crack music
Yeah, that real black music
La la la la la la la lah, la la la la la lah
You know, man, how good it feels to have strings for that chorus?
How could you let this happen?
Happen? Happen? Happen? Happen?
I freestyle battle niggas for (a million)
How many niggas bit the soul, bout (a million)
How many hoes did I bone, bout (a million)
Uh-uh, uh-uh, it's (a million), uh-uh
There's (a million) ways to die, choose one
(A million...)
Lot of people ask about the money I made, even Just Blaze
How are they for real, is them niggas really paid?
Rappers I met, or, delt with direct
Is it true he won't send a beat tape until he get a check?
What's the position you hold?
Could you really master Neptunes, check my check, and "H to the Izzo", the only single that went gold?
If Roc-a-fella shit, fold, and you move back to the "Go"
Is it back to Ghost producer for D-dot on the low?
For the million time asking me
Questions like Toni Braxton, harassing me
Like you don't care about my son's feelings?
Can I get a minute, you wack bitch? I ain't gotta jack shit
You heard "Takeover", who running this rap shit?
Uggh, fake tits, shut up and make hits
Can't we all just get along, spread love, like "take six"?
What, you doing beats in LA for Eminem and Dr Dre?
Them niggas sold ten mil, I'm trying to get paid
We do this shit for entertainment, bring guns to the arraignment
While the judge in the chamber, let one up out the chamber, BLAOW!
How many years did I wait, about (a million)
How many niggas tryna hate, about (a million)
But when a nigga count his cake, it's like (a million)
All for the College Dropout, I make the game different
I don't know what the hell y'all niggas been sniffing
'Ye still flicking, hoes is my addiction
Five days out the week, you'll find me in the kitchen
Snatching the game, nigga, unlike you
Cause these beats change the game, and the hook's right too
I'm unquick like you
Cats back in the Chi was buying tracks for dirt cheap, man, what could I do?
Knowing I s'posed to style, I'm the fly boy poster child
Bout to beat on Oprah, now
It's ironic and whatnot
How I put no ice on the Bulgari watch, just to make it hot
Now you see me on stages, my hit resumes is
Two pages for them niggas who played us
Features, raise us, booming like Master Aces
Stand up, number one, and there's more to come
All I got for hoes is hard dick and bubble gum
While y'all brick like Fred, Barney, Rubble and them
Chi-town in this bitch, what's fucking with them?
Not a damn thing, nigga, we doing our damn thing, BLAOW!
(A million)
And that's where you're wrong
And now for our feature presentation
Yo, what's up? This is Kanye West and you're checking out
Mick Boogie, Terry Urban -
Life was on the beat
Welcome to the Graduate brought to you by the League Crew
This is an official League Crew presentation
Terry Urban, The League Crew
Flashing lights (lights, lights)
Flashing lights (lights, lights)
Flashing lights (lights, lights)
Flashing lights (lights, lights)
She don't believe in shootin' stars
But she believe in shoes and cars
Wood floors in the new apartment
Couture from the store's departments
You more like "love to start shit"
I'm more of the trips to Florida
Ordered the hors d'oeuvres, views of the water
Straight from a page of your favorite author
And the weather so breezy
Man, why can't life always be this easy?
She in the mirror dancin' so sleazy
I get a call like, "Where are you, Yeezy?"
And try to hit you with the ol-wu-wopte
'Til I got flashed by the paparazzi
Damn, these niggas got me
I hate these niggas more than the Nazis


At the end of the day I care, and I'd rather be hated for what I am than loved for what I am not. You know, I don't have media training and all that stuff. And and you know, even with all the backlash that I had, I feel like I should approach it, man. You live by the sword you die by the sword. You express yourself, I'm here to express myself and you know people gon understand me like yo its not a matter of understanding me like yo it being about me, it's not about me I'm just being passionate
Jesus season approachin'
Bless wahtever y'all been hearin'
Bless what, bless whatever y'all be wearin'
An angel about to come alive again
As soon as I get to church and park the Benz
The choir get the congregation shaking off all their sins
Sixteen, already push the Range Rove
My CEO made the whole world change clothes
Now we got the whole hood riding skateboards
Doin; tricks like (oh oh oh)
Yep antiques, Y-3's, and them ice-cream's, uh-oh, uh-oh, yeah
I think they like me cause I'm so on fly like the birds be
You didn't heard me?
I keep the beat bump-bumpin 'til your head hurt
Keep your back jerking, now, that's hard work
Just remember, baby, where you heard it first
And that's right here, they heard this record
And they thought I gone postal, well, I'm loco
You know so, I'm global, you local, come on now
It's got a swag to it, kinda got a swag to it
It's got a swag to it, kinda got a swag to it
It's got a swag to it, just a little swag to it
It's got a swag, badaboom, badabing
It's got a swag to it, kinda got a swag to it
It's got a swag to it, kinda got a swag to it
It's got a swag to it, just a little swag to it
It's got a swag, badaboom, badabing
You ain't even gotta ask, I ain't even gotta brag
Once a week in the mall, spending money
Poppin' tags, tying rags around our neck, yeah, I'm bad
You know what's next, billionaire babe's clothes (oh, oh, oh)
Got my Vans on and they look like vans
Canaries in my ear to match what's on my hand
Graffiti on the wall, y'all better understand
Said y'all better understand
When they hear me, they be like, "yeah, me too"
That's why I call them other broads "Ms. Me Too"
'Cause they don't skateboard through the city like we do
We move, breeze through, like
Preferably I be dressed better than all your broads
Fresher than everybody, (yes sir) 'cause I'm a trendsetter
I'm known for spending cheddar, you hating on me?
Never, ever, ever
It's got a swag to it, kinda got a swag to it
It's got a swag to it, kinda got a swag to it
It's got a swag to it, just a little swag to it
It's got a swag, badaboom, badabing
It's got a swag to it, kinda got a swag to it
It's got a swag to it, kinda got a swag to it
It's got a swag to it, just a little swag to it
It's got a swag, badaboom, badabing



Ayo, I'm sitting on top of the, it's more than a feeling, ain't it?
I be killing, damn it, I'm illin', I'm illin', ay-ay-ay-ay
Meet Mr. Popular, go get your binoculars
And see "Penthouse 3" where a nigga be
Spitting fire on a PJ, in my PJs
Fire Marshall said I took it to the max like TJ
Y'all ain't peep, I said Marshall's, replay
I guess I'm like the black Marshall meets Jay
Meet 'Ye, alligator souffle, got it made
Special Ed got head from a girl in special ed
You know the pretty ones in that dumb class
But she got that dumb ass
Hit high school and got pregnant dumb fast
"What happened, Tisha? Your boyfriend come fast?"
Turn around, give me pound like we folks
"Hell no, I went raw, dawg, three strokes"



Whooooooooooo
Damn, that girl fine, that girl fine, that girl fine
Yo, yo, Kanye, yo turn it up, a little bit, whoo
Take notes while I take tokes to the marijuana smoke
One look and murder she wrote
She drop dead gorgeous, she drop dead..
Yo, this is a Roc-a-Fella, St. Lunatics collaboration
Chi-Town and St. Louis
She said she ain't never seen Murphy Lee befo'

What's the point of havin' a girl that's drop dead That you know don't like you? She'll run over your head with a motorcycle I mean the way you look is
Nice, but there's more to life boo
Cuz I could go to videos and get fo' just like you
I talked to your ex-boyfriend and took a census
But you don't read the cookbook, you just look at the pictures Matter of fact, when's the last time you looked at the kitchen?
This is gettin' ridiculous, how you gettin' defensive?
Jimmy Choo, Frankie B., bitch you gettin' expensive
I know you fuckin' around, my sixth sense told me That ain't no male friend that bought you the stereo She said "He gay anyway, you don't know nothin'
About Jamario"


Uh
Good night
Right now I can see it so vivid
Like it was just yesterday, like I could relive it
Me and my grandparents on a field trip
And I'm the little kid tryna touch the exhibits
But it'll fade before I get to get a hold of that
Man, I wish I could stop time like a photograph
Every joke that they told I'd know to laugh
Man (man), I wouldn't let a moment pass
What do it mean when you dream that you fallin'?
What do it mean when you dream that you ballin'?
What do it mean when you never dream at all then
And you don't really know 'cause you can't recall them?
It's sorta fly you get a chance to say hi to
People you never got a chance to say bye to
Maybe you could pull em up outta your dreams
Into real life (real life), if you try to
So close (so close), but so far (but so far)
And so far (and so far), no cigar (no cigar)
We can't dwell on the past, all we got is today
So I'ma live like it's no tomorrow, no goodbyes




I want everyone to put, put their two fingers in the air right now
This a joint with Mos Def and Freeway, it's called "Two Words"
We in the streets, playa, get ya mail (Hold your hands up high)
It's only two places you end up, either dead or in jail
Still nowhere to go (Ooh-ooh), still nowhere to go (Ooh-ooh)
Now throw ya hands up, hustlers, busters, boosters, hoes
Everybody, fuck that
Say "Hell yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah, hell–"
Ay, yo, two words, Chi-town, South Side, worldwide
'Cause I, rep that, 'til I fuckin' die
One neck two chains, one waist two gats
One wall twenty plaques, dues paid, gimme that
I am limelight, Blueprint five mics
Go Getters rhyme like, should've been signed twice
Most imitated, Grammy nominated
Hotel accommodated, cheerleader prom-dated
Barbershop playa-hated, mom-and-pop bootlegged it
Felt like it rained 'til the roof caved in
Two words, Chi-town raised me crazy
So I live by two words: "fuck you, pay me"
Screamin', "Jesus, save me"
You know how the game be, I can't let 'em change me
Cause on judgment day, you gon' blame me
Look, God, it's the same me
And I basically know now, we get racially profiled
'Cuffed up and hosed down, pimped up and ho'd down
Plus I got a whole city to hold down
From the bottom so the top's the only place to go now
Now throw ya hands up, hustlers, busters, boosters, hoes
Everybody, fuck that
Still no where to go
Still no where to go
Your rollin' with the, the rock
The, the, the rock
The, the rock
The, the, your rollin' with
The, the rock
The, the, the rock, say
"The, the rock"
The, the, your rollin' with
The, the rock
The, the, the rock
The, the rock
The, the, the rock
And I, I go by the name of Kanye to allow myself to introduce myself




I believe that there's a big future out there with a lot of beautiful things
Lot of handsome men, lot of luxury
I want a car, I want to be able to get anything...

I want this, this is what I want, and I'm gonna go for it
I want to live a normal happy life, whether it's being married and adopting children
Whether it's being famous and rich, I want so much more
I want... I want my name to be a household product in the high fashion world



The unsung heroes are the porn stars
Turn the camera on, she a born star
Turn the corners in a foreign car
Call the coroners, do the CPR
She gave that old nigga a ulcer
Her bittersweet taste made his gold teeth ache, uh
(This copy is for Hype Williams)
Make her knees shake, make a priest faint, uh
Make a nun cum, make her cremate, uh
Move downtown, cop a sweet space, uh
Livin’ life like we won the sweepstakes, what
We headed to hell for Heaven’s sakes, huh
Well I’mma levitate, make the devil wait, yeah!
Have you lost your mind?
(This copy is for Hype Williams)
Never in your wildest dreams
Never in your wildest dreams, in your wildest
You could hear the loudest screams
Comin’ from inside the screen, you a wild bitch
(This copy is for Hype Williams)
Tell me what I gotta do to be that guy
Said her price go down, she ever fuck a black guy
Or do anal, or do a gangbang
It’s kinda crazy that’s all considered the same thing
Well I guess a lotta niggas do gang bang
And if we run trains, we all in the same gang
Runaway slaves all on a chain gang
Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang
Have you lost your mind?
(This copy is for Hype Williams)
One day I’m gon' marry a porn star
We’ll have a big-ass crib and a long yard
(This copy is for Hype Williams)
We’ll have a mansion and some fly maids
Nothin’ to hide, we both screwed the bridesmaids
She wanna role play, 'til I roll over
I’mma need a whole day, at least rolled doja
What party is we goin’ to on Oscar day
'specially if she can’t get that dress from Oscar de
La Renta, they wouldn’t rent her, they couldn’t take the shame
Snatched the dress off her back and told her, “Get away”
How could you say they live they life wrong?
When you never fuck with the lights on
Fuck with the lights
Fuck with the-with the lights on
Fuck with the lights
(This copy is for Hype Williams)
Fuck with the-with the lights on
Fuck with the lights on
With the- with the lights on
Fuck with the lights
Fuck with the- with the lights on
Fuck- Fuck with the lights
Fuck with the- with the lights on
Fuck with the lights
Fuck with the- with the lights on
Have you lost your mind?
(This copy is for Hype Williams)
We at war
We at war with terrorism, racism
But most of all we at war with ourselves
(Jesus walk)
God show me the way because the Devil's tryna break me down
(Jesus walk with me)
You know what the Midwest is? Young and restless
Where restless (Niggas) might snatch your necklace
And next these (Niggas) might jack your Lexus
Somebody tell these (Niggas) who Kanye West is
I walk through the valley of the Chi where death is
Top floor the view alone will leave you breathless *gasps*
Try to catch it *gasps* it's kinda hard
Getting choked by detectives, yeah, yeah, now check the method
They be askin' us questions, harass and arrest us
Sayin' "We eat pieces of shit like you for breakfast"
Huh? Y'all eat pieces of shit? What's the basis?
We ain't going nowhere but got suits and cases
A trunk full of coke, rental car from Avis
My mama used to say only Jesus can save us
Well mama I know I act a fool
But I'll be gone 'til November, I got packs to move
I hope
(Jesus walk)
God show me the way because the Devil's tryna break me down
(Jesus walk with me)
The only thing that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now
(Jesus walk)
And I don't think there's nothin' I can do now to right my wrongs
(Jesus walk with me)
I wanna talk to God but I'm afraid 'cause we ain't spoke in so long
(Jesus walk)
God show me the way because the Devil's tryna break me down
(Jesus walk with me)
The only thing that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now
(Jesus walk)
And I don't think there's nothin' I can do now to right my wrongs
(Jesus walk with me)
I wanna talk to God but I'm afraid 'cause we ain't spoke in so long
So long, so long
(Jesus walk with me)
To the hustlers, killers, murderers, drug dealers, even the scrippers
(Jesus walks for them)
To the victims of welfare feel we livin' in Hell here, hell yeah
(Jesus walks for them)
Now, hear ye, hear ye, want to see Thee more clearly
I know He hear me when my feet get weary
'Cause we're the almost nearly extinct
We rappers is role models: we rap, we don't think
I ain't here to argue about His facial features
Or here to convert atheists into believers
I'm just tryna say the way school need teachers
The way Kathie Lee needed Regis, that's the way I need Jesus
So here go my single, dawg, radio needs this
They say you can rap about anything except for Jesus
That means guns, sex, lies, videotape
But if I talk about God my record won't get played, huh?
Well if this take away from my spins
Which'll probably take away from my ends
Then I hope this take away from my sins
And bring the day that I'm dreamin' about
Next time I'm in the club, everybody screamin' out
(Jesus walk)
God show me the way because the Devil's tryna break me down
(Jesus walk with me)
The only thing that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now
If I don’t make it to Heaven, hope my loved ones get to have it
Working seven days a week; it’s hard obeying the Sabbath
Back and forth with what Christ is. I been advising my vices
Been left and right with the righteous. My spirit and life in a crisis
Been writing from the blood of my heart and I can’t afford to waste the ink
With the little time on this Earth I have, you think I give a fuck what you think?
Never took no vacation. meditating, annotating
Getting ovations in locations I vocation. It’s invigorating
Been assimilating faces from my immediate rotation
How come you ain’t know (U N O) you the U-N-O that’s facing elimination?
It’s wild how niggas pull your card and draw that .4 on you
But niggas always been good bout playing the hand they dealt
Never needed a Jesus piece to deliver that Jesus peace
Never needed a Polo tee to get that lady ass on me
They say, “Chris Ray, why don’t you light up?”
Cause I always had that shine, bruh!
Born in the heart of a city where breakfast can be a hollow tip
Born in the state of Mississippi. Thank you for that holla, T.I.P
Bring ‘em out. Bring ‘em out. Tryna see what they about
Called ‘em out. Called ‘em out. But they nowhere to be found
People wear ski masks in this state where snow barely be
That’s because they always living cold up in these streets
On a nigga hip, you gone always find some heat
And they don’t mind warming the block up 500 Degreez
Killing each other like 94 CPT, DET, movies on BET, B-M-O-R-E or Mississippi
Make a man that don’t gang, gang wanna bang, bang
Feel strange toting them thang thangs
But ready to make them bullets rang rang
Don’t normally carry a gat but he feels he’s forced to do that
Justifying actions to momma like, “I gotta keep this on my belt
Can’t let a pussy push me to death without standing up for myself.”
I’m tryna make life easy for my dad and mother
I know momma don’t know that they could’ve killed my brother
I pulled the trigger on my head, not knowing the safety on
How you correct a kid that’s only 12 years old?
At 13, I got baptized. Really thought my life was over
Now, I’m hearing it could be much better in a Range Rover
But that just give me nice leather to splat my blood on
This is just a fraction of how I think when I’m alone
It could be a million naked women in my room, I’m still not getting along (a long)
It’s 8 billion people on this Earth and I know I got no clone
This not the project to tell the day I was drinking hydrocodone
This the project to tell the days I was drinking hydro from hoes
That was only once and never again
But I realize that could’ve been my only “Once and never again.”
Niggas out here using hearts to pull out and nut on
And I’m looking at niggas shife like I ain’t done no wrong
When I can’t lie: I done tried and I done did
And I don’t feel no kinda bad, no. Not even for swallowed kids
Laying on the covers in front of her sleeping kids at the foot of the bed
While they momma sitting there swallowing kids. She Gave immaculate head
I could’ve added to the family but her throat performed abortion
And on that same day, two other women got a portion
So I flip to Revelations; Start music to drown neighbors
Polishing myself before the scrolls, horses, trumpets
Angels from the four corners. The fallen rises among us
I know I been living in shit but I used my last to buy this plunger
What I’m drinking is never Everclear cause life was never ever clear
If I go to sleep, I feel that death is near
It’s funny, though, 'cause death is not something I feared
It’s honestly not knowing whether life after death will really appear
(Oooh, oooh, ooh, yeeah, oooooh)
Oh oh, oh oh
Yeah, y-y-y-yeah
We on an ultralight beam
Da-da-da, an ultralight beam
This is a God dream
This is, yeah yeah yeah yeah
Oh-oh, yeah yeah yeah, ooh
Ooh, ooh, oooh-yeah
Oooou, ooou, ooou
Oh no no no, ooh
Eee, yeah yeah
Oh no no, don't, don't
Oh, yeah yeah
(Ooooou)
Oh, dadadada, dadadada, dadadada
Oh, dadadada, dadada (Da, da, da)
This is a God dream, this is a God dream
Oh yeah
(Ooooou)
Oh no no no
Oh no no no
Here, he is risen
He is risen (Yes)
He is risen
Heerrrrre
He is risen
Oh, d-d-d-don't
(Ooooou)
Oh, dadadada, dadadada, dadadada
(Mmmmm)
Dadadada, dadadada, dadadada
Dadadada, dadada, dadada
Oh no no
Oooouu, oh no no no, nooo
(Ooooou)
Yeah yeah yeah
Oh, duh duh duh, duh duh duh
Oh no no, oh no no no no
Nuh nuh nuh nuh
Nuh nuh-nuh-nuh
Nuh nuh nuh nuh
Nuh nuh-nuh-nuh
Nuh nuh-nuh-nuh
Oh yeah
Oh, no no no
Oooooh
Oh, no no no
Oh, yeah yeah
(Mmmmmm)
He is risen!
We glorify your name
Oh, dadadada, dadadada, dadadada
Dadadada, dadadada, dadadada
Ooou, oh oh
Oh yeah yeah
"Wou-would you mind? Would you mind?"
"Okay. For sure, for sure. Shay?"
("Jesus Christ is Lord. That's deep, y'all.")
Ooooh, oh yeah yeah yeah
Oh, yeah yeah yeah
No no no, no no no
No no no, no no no
Yeah, yeah yeah yeah
Yeah, yeah yeah yeah
Yeah, yeah yeah yeah
Yeah, yeah yeah yeah
Ooooouuu!
(Ooooou)
("Only one person be lettin' people dyin'. And that's deep.")
(Ooooou)
(Goin' down, doin' down, goin' down)

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
I fantasized 'bout this back in Chicago
Mercy, mercy me, that Murcielago
That's me, the first year that I blow
How you say broke in Spanish? Me no hablo
Me drown sorrow in that Diablo
Me found bravery in my bravado
DJs need to listen to the models
"You ain't got no fuckin' Yeezy in your Serato?"
You ain't got no Yeezy, nigga?
Stupid, but what the fuck do I know?
I'm just a Chi-town nigga with a Nas flow
And my bitch in that new Phoebe Philo
So much head, I woke up to Sleepy Hollow

Look like a fat booty Celine Dion
Sex is on fire, I'm the King of Leon-a Lewis
Beyond the truest, hey, teacher, teacher
Tell me how do you respond to students?
And refresh the page and restart the memory?
Re-spark the soul and rebuild the energy?
We stopped the ignorance, we killed the enemies
Sorry for the night demons that still visit me
The plan was to drink until the pain over
But what's worse, the pain or the hangover?
Fresh air, rollin' down the window
Too many Urkels on your team, that's why your wins low
Don't make me pull the toys out, huh
Don't make me pull the toys
And fire up the engines
And then they make noise



Whose fault?
Let's play the blame game, I love you more
Let's play the blame game for sure
Let's call out names, names, I hate you more
Let's call out names, names for sure
I'll call you bitch for short
As a last resort and my first resort
You call me motherfucker for long
At the end of it, you know we both were wrong
But I love to play the blame game, I love you more
And not because I love fighting you for sure
Let's call out names, names, I hate you more
For one day for sure you dun-nuh-nuh-nuh-nuh
On a bathroom wall I wrote
"I'd rather argue with you than to be with someone else" (someone else, someone else, someone else)
I took a piss and dismiss and up
And I went and found somebody else (else, else)
Fuck arguing and harvesting the moment
Yo, I'd rather be by my fucking self (self, self)
Till about two o'clock and I call back
And it's opening up with something I'm dealt (dealt)
And I just seem to play the blame game, I love you more
And take up us, dun-nuh-nuh-nuh, for sure
And call names, names, I hate you no
There isn't anything I could do, to hold right on to the thought
You weren't perfect but you made life worth it
Stick around, some real feelings might surface
Been an over too long since I spoke to you in a bathroom
Gripping you up, fucking and choking you
What the hell was I supposed to do?
I know you ain't getting this kind of dick from that local dude
And if you are I hope you have a good time
'Cause I definitely be having mine
And play the blame game, I love you more
And take this up, right outside the door
And call names, names, I hate you, hoe
I can feel something like this right outside the door

Hello, hello, hello, hello all my bad girls, this just in
Yeezy heard the beat like he fucked the best friend (Oh yeah)
And she let 'im back in and he just did it again
He crazy, he blazin', he off the deep end (Oh yeah)
I'm blazin', I'm flagrant, I'm crazy, I'm sayin'
Too much for the world, so they abbreviate 'im (Oh, yeah)
His tats is her fave, his stats is amaze
Her dress is just perf', uh (Oh)
Prada color beige (Oh yeah)
It's obvi' we a 'ish, and I'm rollin' with my Brits
So braille, (I'm blazin') you so trill, baby, (Blazin') everything legit (Blazin')
How you feel?
They say we crazed 'cause our style so diff' (Blazin')
There'll be jail when we in the Mag lookin' magnif' (I'm blazin')
As if I ain't use Magnums on your favorite bad bitch (Oh yeah)
Fuck these back, brown niggas, I was tryna adlib
Add this, we blazin'
Nicki, what you think?
I got two white Russians but we also need some drinks (Ooh)
Hahahaha




Hard to see, ooh
The hang ups we have today-ay-ay
But they don’t really realize, though
Said we need to strive for more liberty
This next verse, this next verse though
Lift yourself up on your feet
These bars
Lift yourself up on your feet
Watch this, go
Feeling better than some head on a Sunday afternoon
Better than a chick that say "Yes" too soon
Until you have a daughter; that’s what I call karma
And you pray to God she don't grow breasts too soon
Projects tore up, gang signs is thrown up
Niggas hats broke off, that’s how we grow up
Why else you think shorties write rhymes? Just to blow up?
Get they first car and then, IRS show up
He ain't never had shit, but he had that nine
Nigga come through flicking and he had that shine
Put two and two together and a little bad weather
Gon' be your whole family on that funeral line
Asked the reverend, "Was the strip clubs cool?
If my tips helped send a pretty girl through school?"
That's all I want, like winos want they good whiskey
I ain’t in the Klan, but I brought my hood with me

The Modest Media Laugh
Know available on Itune and Android
Cop it today
Ken & Rap Critc:
We thought it would be cool if we did like you just of, I guess like one of your ideas the whole worst lyrics thing
and just kind of- so made it like Dead End Hip Hop infused type of thing conversation
Rap Critic:
What do you guys want to do now, like. This is a Big Sean VS Lil Wayne and I was like
Myke C-Town
Who lyrics are worst. Because we didn't want to do exactly what you do
Rap Critc & Myke C Town:
Yeah, but um- Some kind of argument here one person is an obvious loser in this scenario. oh, you think? yes I do. Hold your opinon to the camera. Alright, alright
Ken:
Alright everybody, welcome to another episode of Dead End Hip Hop. And we have a special guest joining us, it's the Rap Critic
Rap Critic:
Yo, it's the Rap Critic. Um, Google me at Rap Critic- I came up with my name before I knew there were other rap critics on the internet.
My Patreon is Patreon.com/RapCritic, yeah um.
Myke C-Town & Rap Critc
Dropping the money- I don't know I'm the Rap Critic, give me some motherfucking money. You pay me, bitch
Ken:
But yeah, so we got with him. We're going to do a collab. We basically just kind of combining the channels man. He has a series called 'Worst Rap Lyrics'
Rap Critic:
Worst Lyrics I've Ever Heard (This Month) which is like this is what I just happened to hear that sucked this month and then next month I'll have lyrics that I happened to hear that all- that sucks
Ken:
We are going to actually debate, somehow, um verse. Who has the who lyrics: Big Sean or- or you know- you already know man Lil Wayne
Myke C-Town:
Before we start, who's on side Big Sean, who's on side Lil Wayne?
Rap Critic:
I'm not on side, but- oh I'm side-
Myke C-Town:
Who do you think is worse? Just before we even start just throw-
Beezy:
Big Sean
Myke C-Town:
You think Big Sean is worst than Lil Wayne?
Ken:
I will probably go Sean Too.
Myke C-Town & Rap Critc:
Okay, and you think Wayne. Wayne. I'm a little- I'm still a little bit on the fence, but here's the thing. I think Wayne, terrible, but it's funny. Big Sean is so fucking bad he makes you mad- But here's the thing. But I'm with Big Sean
Rap Critc:
The thing I'll say is that, it's a little unfair because- if you're gonna compare discographies. Big Sean hasn't had that much time to give you as much shit
Ken:
But he had enough time for us to make a decision
Rap Critic & Ken:
But what I mean is that, saying who's worse, I would say Lil Wayne is worse because (Okay) he has so much that's bad, you know what I mean. I'll put it to you like this- Sheer volume
Myke C-Town:
But he has good albums. Big Sean-
Ken & Myke C-Town:
Right, Lil Wayne is a fell off- Exactly Big Sean never came up
Beezy:
Way to put it, way to put it, way to put it
Rap Critc:
I'll say this, he has kind of- I wont say master, but he's definitely made it an interesting flowing like the sort of hemiola rap. This guy is thinking about this, you know and so I can't completely just go like, "No you suck, because-" you know and that- that's what I tkae into account, like Soulja Boy, he's not thinking on that level
Beezy:
He never had too
Rap Critc:
Yeah, I know yeah. Vanilla Ice- well, relative to now, he's actually not as terrible
Myke C-Town:
He's better than Big Sean
Rap Critc:
Serious, honestly for real. I honestly think people were a little to harsh on Vanilla Ice
Myke C-Town, Ken, Rap Critic & Beezy:
Yeah they were- It was because of- It was because of he was fronting (Exactly, exactly) That's what lead to his downfall. And know that's a thing that you do so everybody is like. It's weird, he opened to door for being- for being kind of a fake and now that's just kind of life- oh no (That's the standard) People don't tell the truth
Myke C-Town:
Give us a Lil Wayne lyric you think it- it could out do any wack Big Sean lyrics. And I'll see- I'll see if I can one up you
Rap Critic:
Lil Wayne - How to Hate (Ft. Young Fyre & T-Pain)
From Tha Carter IV


I'm trying to move in my safe
Like the safe was a safehouse
Beezy:
You reacting- isn't that bad
Rap Critic:
Alright, alright
Rap Critic:
Lil Wayne - Mrs. Officer (ft. Kidd Kidd & Bobby V)
From Tha Carter III




I'm the hardest shit, go in your ass and search
Rap Critic:
What did you just requested me? That's a Lil Wayne lyric, that's your boy
Ken:
Grabbed a Wayne lyric here. I don't know if you got this, but
(Editor Note: This is a Big Sean lyric and not a Lil Wayne lyrics? What)
Logic - Alright (Ft. Big Sean)
From Under Pressure (Deluxe Version)


And I got a bitch with me, call her "Miss Without-Drawers"
And I'm at the bank, you could call me "Mr. Withdrawals"
Myke C-Town:
That's dumb as fuck. But you see that's the thing. Lil Wayne is better than Big Sean. Lil Wayne can say that terrible ass line and you laugh. When Big Sean said some shit
Big Sean - Dark Sky (Skyscrapers)
From Dark Sky Paradise
Credit card used to be EBT, in the D though that's D-EBT
Ken:
You know what
Big Sean - I Do It
From Finally Famous
She put that thong on my groin-groin and then it go boing!
Rap Critic & Myke C-Town:
It's interesting, I guess Lil Wayne just goes so over the top that it comes around for some people (and it works) and it becomes entertaining again. Big Sean doesn't go far enough is what I'm getting from you guys
Myke C-Town:
Big Sean is just corny, that's what makes it worse for me. Here's the- I don't think Big Sean delivers the lines with confidence. I feel like Big Sean deep down kind of knows that these lines are shit. Lil Wayne comes in and saids I just wrote the best shit, yeah I'm the shit ya'll just poop stains. He said that shit like that shit is dope.
Ken:
What you got?
Beezy:
Oh, um
Big Sean - Stay Down
From Dark Sky Paradise
Yeah, tryna get that hotel money
But you know them crackers ain't gonna let you get the Ritz
Rap Critic:
No I got it
Myke C-Town:
Big Sean so deep he didn't even get it. He didn't even get it- he didn't even get it
Myke C-Town:
Big Sean - I Know (Ft. Jhene Aiko)
From Dark Sky Paradise




Cause there's niggas in the streets
Getting money under my nose that I must stash
Myke C-Town:
That's tight
Ken: I have two more
Big Sean - Dance (A$$)
From Finally Famous
I got that mad dick, you know it always nut up
And it got an attitude, no wonder why it's stuck up
Beezy:
That what good, I'm sorry
Myke C-Town:
I like that
Ken:
Gah, let me finish
Myke C-Town:
That shit was drop, that shit was drop, I'm sorry. I would ride on that, that shit was dope
(Editor Note: This is my favorite one)
Big Sean - All Figured Out
From Hall Of Fame
They taught me that I had to dream, black history month
I wake up and treat the day like stack history month
I'm talkin' Malcolm Flex, Jessie Rackson
Front of the plane: I'm Rozay Parks
Rap Critic:
Are you sure that's not a Kanye West line?
(Off topic from the debate, but worth to mention)
Kanye West - Good Morning
From Graduation
I'm like the fly Malcolm X, buy any jeans necessary
Ken:
Case close baby, case close, case close
Myke C-Town:
Malcolm Flex, Jessie Rackson
That's tight, oh that's tight
Ken:
That's Big Sean man, that's Big Sean
Rap Critic:
Oh That's Big Sean
Ken:
Yeah, that's Big Sean
Myke C-Town:
Like I said before- god damn I don't want to follow that, but look, like I said before. The reason Big Sean comes off so much worse is not just the fact that the lyrics are wack, it's what he's actually saying. It's not the fact they don't rhyme well or they're just bad wordplay. Bruh, listen to this. This is some shit no rapper should really be talking about
Ken:
Okay
Myke C-Town:
(Editor Note: I like the ad-libs put in the song)
Big Sean - MILF (Ft. Juicy J & Nicki Minaj)
From Hall of Fame



I got a knife in my pocket if there's a fork in the road
I'm the man of steel, but I won't say what I stole
Myke C-Town:
What
Rap Critic:
What's even the wordplay
Myke C-Town:
I'm the man on steal. See Wayne so deep you don't get it.
Rap Critic:
What are you stealing? I'm not telling you. That's for me to know, but- but my problem is that he- he's like basically a Jackson Pollock painting. Like, you know, hey he splashes at a wall and maybe sometimes it might be cool
Beezy:
Because of my name, because of my name
Rap Critic:
If anyone else said it, it would be, 'fuck you, moving on' and that's my problem. And the fact he was at such a high status at one point.
Beezy:
And Big Sean never hit that
Rap Critic:
And, no, no, no, I mean commercially
Myke C-Town:
Big Sean will be Bob Ross and he will always be Bob Ross
Rap Critic:
And I mean commercially, commercially- commercially he was at such a high point and there is where- just my life comes into it and was just like, 'oh this just is supposed to be the best rapper alive, well I need to hear all your verses and they have to be awesome forever' because if they're not, then why are you saying- calling yourself the best rapper alive. You know what I mean.
Ken:
It was a marketing ploy.
Rap Critic:
Yeah I know it was a marketing ploy, but it's just like- that's what makes you- that's- yeah I know, it got people to listen, but at the same time is just like, but what does it mean
Ken.
No, no, no, no, it did more then, then
Rap Critic:
Well it got people to believe, yeah I understand, but it's like- but then all that tells me is that you're great at building a facade
Rod (Modest Media):
Myke, give me some Lil Wayne lyrics before- we can now, but you gotta give us
Myke C-Town:
I'm in the hood-
(Editor Note: Genius Pages are sometimes the most outdated things in the word)
Brisco - In the Hood (Ft. Lil Wayne)
From Street Medicine


How you niggas want it? Have it your way, Burger King
Myke C-Town:
You can tell a Lil Wayne line between a Big Sean line. Cause a Wayne line at least funny and they're kind of punny. Big Sean lines, like he said, they're dad jokes
Rap Critic:
They're puns, but they don't- they don't go all the way to be so ridiculous that it- they're hilarious. It's just like on the level like
Myke C-Town:
Exactly, it's disappointing.
Beezy:
Big Sean is worse, I'm still sticking with it
Rap Critic:
Okay, let's see. I think at the end of the day, I think what we figured out is that they're horrible in their own ways. Um, but it all depends on what you particularly think is worse. Do you think it's the awkwardness that's worse or just the amount of like- you know, lines that are bad. You know what I mean.
Ken:
The other thing Is that I don't think people have come to grips with Big Sean. This is Dead End Hip Hop, this is the Rap Critic. Subscribe to his channel on Youtube and let us know what you think have the worst lyrics, Big Sean or Lil Wayne. Let us know in the comment section. Piece, yall
Rap Critic:
This is the Rap Critic. You don't have to like my opinion, but I don't have to like your song.
It's something to note that there were a lot of Dark Sky Paradise lines than other Big Sean projects on this discussion
There's only one girl on my agenda
(You talking bout Brenda?)
Naw I'm talking bout Linda, from last September
Now Linda love lace like Linda love lace
LaFace says she like +Mase+ but she love +Face+
And I know that Linda was a hip-hop-head
And I know that Linda gave Hip-Hop head
But I feel I could convert her
Cuz I ain't here to hurt her mayn
And she was messin wit me when I was still at Burger King
She ain't hop in my bed cuz of the whips and cream
Cuz when I had her in bed I had whip cream
Shakespearian midsummer night dream
I unzip things and pull out big things
They was flashin gr-green, she was like "ch-ching"
Got em, but she know a rreeal nigga when she, spot him
So now she's pickin dresses from Veroraiyn
Scratchin out her maiden and here's my name
Now I'm sittin at the bar wit all my guys
They sayin "Cheers to you for your future years of pain"
Like "Dog you ready to give all this shit up?
The summer's on its way and these hoes doin sit-ups
And when they see the way the G-5 lights lit up
Your gonna wanna have two like John Ritter"
But naww, I bought her a brand new BM
He said "Dog, slow down like Brand Nubian now"
I just feel the need to purge my soul from the work load
Couldn't watch another nigga get burnt slow
She said her man was busy, always bored her with work load
Never takes her out and falls asleep in his work clothes
She needs some excitement, which leads to this indictment
Believe what you like kid, according to her
When we recorded with her, Linda changed her name to Nicky
Sang along to Darlin Nicky, co-star of my quickies
That foot is so pretty, but I'm sure you recognize
That bra holds titties, those are her titties
Solar's so pretty, but not to rub it in
But that white Russian did make her lonely like the wind
So the over right that's in, on the over night depends
If you take heed the game, and please keep ya name, word
Cuz she's just a playa playa
That's playin games wit me
I can't see myself getting out the game, no time soon
Ooooh, as I continue as I, Ooooh, as I continue as I
Oooh, Oooh
Can't see myself getting out the game, no time soon
Ooooh, as I continue as I, Ooooh, as I continue as I
Oooh, Oooh





'Cause, baby, you're awesome
Don't let nobody bring you down
You're so awesome, you're so after park
You're so after dark, you're so sleepness nights
Ooh this feels so right
*Lyrics from Snippet 2*
I gotta move, I gotta dance
I gotta live, I gotta love
I gotta ho, I gotta chance to be awesome
Don't let nobody bring you down
You're so awesome, you're so after park
You're so after dark (Woah)
You're so sleepness nights (Yeah, yeah)
Ooh, this feels so right





Duh-na-na, duh, feel it, feel it, feel it
This ain't our planet, that's why I kill it
Kill it






Rumors going to war every night on my block
Now I know who's gun it is just by hearing the shots
{gun fire} That's Bo
{gun fire} That's Little Mack
{heavy machine gun fire} Damn baby who the fuck is that?!
I can tell from the way that he bust they ain't from round here
Kids come up missing, you'll prolly find 'em around here
Public system graduating schools of thugs
We didn't have no swim team only pools of blood
While white boys make bombs, my niggas show up late for prom
With two baby moms, one on each arm
Only 18, pulling up in stretch Hummers
We ain't graduate though, I'll see your ass next summer











This a stickup nigga, hands up
This a stickup, put ya hands up
This a stickup, nigga put ya hands up
Yeah, put yo' muthafuckin' hands up









Yo G-Love como é?
Fala bem
Che calma mano
Quem é Faray
Dança só
Se não és Faray então
Também dança só
Eu sou Faray (Abana) x50
Eu sou Faray, eu sou Faray, eu sou Faray (Abana) x50
Abana só (Abana) x50
Abana só, abana só, abana só (Abana) x50
Eu sou Faray (Abana)
Eu sou Faray, eu sou Faray, eu sou Faray (Abana)

Something wrong, I hold my head
MJ gone, our nigga dead
I slapped my girl, she called the feds
I did that time and spent that bread
I'm heading home, I'm almost there
I'm on my way, heading up the stairs
To my surprise, a nigga replacing me
I had to take him to that ghetto university
(All of the lights) Cop lights, flashlights, spotlights
Strobe lights, street lights (All of the lights, all of the lights)
Fast life, drug life, thug life
Rock life, stripper life (All of the lights)
Restraining order, can't see my daughter
Her mother, brother, grandmother hate me in that order
Public visitation, we met at Borders
Told her she take me back, I'll be more supportive
I made mistakes, I bumped my head
Courts sucked me dry, I spent that bread
She need her daddy, baby, please
Can't let her grow up in that ghetto university
(All of the lights) Cop lights, flashlights, spotlights
Strobe lights, street lights (All of the lights, all of the lights)
Fast life, drug life, thug life
Rock life, stripper life (All of the lights)








...in L.A. now
Selah, stamina, selah (Free, we free)
We free, we free, we free, we free
I'ma do it for Fela
I'ma do it, yeah, selah
I'ma do it for the noble











Pete Rock, hit me one time
I give 'em my life, my life, my life, my life in the sunshine
They wanna give me gray skies, get me drunk
Get me high, get me something to get me by
I gave her a handshake, only for my man's sake
She in her birthday suit 'cause of the damn cake
Now there’s crumbs all over the damn place (Uh-huh)
And she want me to cum all over her damn face
I never understood Planned Parenthood
'Cause I never met nobody planned to be a parent in the hood
Taking refills of that Plan B pill
Another shorty that won’t make it to the family will
If I don’t make it, can’t take it, hope the family will
They ain't crazy, they don’t know how insanity feel
Don C. just had a shorty, so it’s not that bad
But I still hear the ghosts of the kids I never had

No electro, no metro, a little retro, ahh, perfecto
You know the demo, your boy act wild
You ain't get the memo? Yeezy’s back in style
Now one room got Gidget—the other got Bridget
What’s more tripped out, dawg, is they sisters
Nah, you ain't listen; they black—they sistas
They mama named 'em after white bitches
So next time you see me on your fallopian
Though the jewelry’s Egyptian, know the hunger’s Ethiopian
Stupid questions like, "Is he gon' be dope again?
Have you seen him? Has anybody spoke to him?"
This beat deserves Hennessy
A bad bitch, and a bag of weed: the Holy Trinity
In the mirror where I see my only enemy
Your life’s cursed? Well, mine’s an obscenity



Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Uh, new niggas, man
Uh
Niggas wanna play both sides
Like both sides got very fine people
One side is fightin' Klan and the Nazis
The other side is straight evil
If people wantin’ to be equal is a threat to you
And equality is death to you
You're probably insecure about your testicles
We celebrate diversity with carnivals and festivals
When you all about the dollar bill
That philosophy'll probably kill
Intolerance is puttin’ people in the hospitals
Politicians makin' sure that you don't pay your doctor bills
Bush seen out here talkin' 'bout he David Copperfield
Malcolm X, bloodstained shoes are a lot to fill
Liberals keep tellin' us these Nazis is not for real
Tell that to the woman that they killed down in Charlottesville
Yellin', "Blood and soil"
Sayin', "Jews will not replace us"
What will it take before you call ’em racist?
Domestic terrorist, you...











I miss the old Kanye, straight from the Go Kanye
Chop up the soul Kanye, set on his goals Kanye
I hate the new Kanye, the bad mood Kanye
The always rude Kanye, spaz in the news Kanye
I miss the sweet Kanye, chop up the beats Kanye
I gotta say, at that time I'd like to meet Kanye
See, I invented Kanye, it wasn't any Kanyes
And now I look and look around and there's so many Kanyes
I used to love Kanye, I used to love Kanye
I even had the pink polo, I thought I was Kanye
What if Kanye made a song about Kanye
Called "I Miss The Old Kanye"? Man, that'd be so Kanye
That's all it was Kanye, we still love Kanye






Alien, magical, flyin', and all
Being, I got her signed on
Beam me up, I'm 'bout to sign off
Dumber now, need to take time off
Dumber now, I don't believe the time
Should have gone, man, I believe they lyin' (Get a mic, huh)
Sign, do you believe in science?
Bigger sign, bet they gon' bleed now




Aliens, double to sign off
Better time, 'bout to take time off
I don't believe in time, I just believe in science
Order a bleeding nine, tell her, "Don't leave tonight"
Alien, being 'bout to fly out
Took her out, order her something with eyes out
They was done, we the one, we just on
Louis thong, Lebanon, we become, what they done?
Duh-na-na, duh, feel it, feel it, feel it
This ain't our planet, that's why I kill it
Kill it, animals, kill it, ozone, kill it
Blood, spill it, somethin' you deal with
Alien, took the time off, I just took time off
Fly up, a pyramid, dunked on, Vesuvius
No bro, serious, I'm dead serious
I'm dead serious, I'm dead serious
Somebody said Kanye the best producer out Chicago
Let's go!
(Kanye)
Who am I?
(Kanye)
That's right!
(Kanye)
I went from niggas laughing to going platinum, nigga
Uh, uh, uh
Uh, uh, uh
Uh, uh, uh
Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh
Uh, uh, uh
Uh, uh, uh
Uh, uh, uh
Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh


Recording where ye did Otis
Jay had the car flaming
Hopped up in Kanye's car
Told him I'm not playing
Gave me like five stars
Suped up like Super Saiyan
Now I'm live from the Mercer
It's everything I've been praying
Love is five languages
All in one like Malaysian
China, my eyes squinting
Hawaiian, and maybe Asian
Peruvian or Rubigen
Brand new as a Brand Nubian
All gets to my head
Cause nobody really knew me then
New to this but true at this
That's why I'm still pursuing this
Manifest my destiny
Past the devil's intrusiveness
Dropping out of college
My papers still look so studious
I was inside the studio
One sec to know I rule at this


Looking up at the sky
What the fuck do I cry for?
Views from the tallest building
I'm jumping off of the eyesore
Crucified, no suicide
Difference between you and I
You can barely do it and for me this more like do or die
Walking in his likeness
I carry his sacrifices
I know the card that I'm dealt
So no need for Cleos and psychics
I'm psycho
I'm Prince and Michael
I'm not your type like a typo
So now that I'm in this fight mode
I rise above the challengers
Dodge em in my Challenger
First like Channel Orange
Ahead of my time like calendars
Light candles of lavendar
I can unleash your spirit
Cause none of this really matters
Now listen close if you hear it
Uh, uh, uh
Uh, uh, uh
Uh, uh, uh
Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh
Yuh, everything's so down right now





Yeah, damn, everybody's drunk and sad
Grandma passed away
We're gonna go to bed sad
And will have to be sad all the time, uh



Only know
I feel a lonely soul
No long emails
No long texts, no long talk
Everything is my fault




You're such a fuckin' ho
When the first time they ask you if you want sparklin' or still?
Why you tryna act like you was drinkin' sparklin' water 'fore you came out here?
You're such a fuckin' h—
I'm a sick fuck, I like a quick fuck (Whoop!)
I'm a sick fuck, I like a quick fuck (Whoop!)
I'm a sick fuck, I like a quick fuck (Whoop!)
I'm a sick fuck, I like a quick fuck (Whoop!)
I'm a sick fuck, I like a quick fuck
I like my dick sucked, I'll buy you a sick truck
I'll buy you some new tits, I'll get you that nip-tuck
How you start a family? The condom slipped up
I'm a sick fuck, I'm inappropriate
I like hearin' stories, I like that ho shit
I wanna hear mo' shit, I like the ho shit
Send me some mo' shit, you triflin' ho bitch (Bitch, bitch, bitch)




We gon' to Mass today, we have to pray
Besides what the pastor say, I have to say
Since Pac passed away
Most you rappers don't even deserve a track from me
You see, if you ever wanted to ever be anything
There'd always be somebody that shoot down any dream
There'll always be haters, that's the way it is
Hater niggas marry hater bitches and have hater kids
But they gon' have to take my life 'fore they take my drive
'Cause when I was barely livin', that's what kept me alive
Just the thought that maybe it could be better than what we at at this time
Make it out of this grind, 'fore I'm out of my mind
And get some leeway on the he say she say
Your girl don't like me, how long has she been gay?
Spanish girls say "Yo, no hablo inglés"
And everybody want to run to me for their single
It's funny how these wack niggas need my help
Wasn't around when I couldn't feed myself
Dawg, if I was you, I wouldn't feel myself
Dawg, if I was you, I'd kill myself
Made a mil' myself and I'm still myself
And I'mma look in the mirror if I need some help
Now I'll speak from the heart, y'all all frontin'
Everybody feel a way about K but at least y'all feel something



I've been waiting on this my whole life
(And I wonder)
These dreams be waking me up at night (night, night)
(And I wonder)
You say I think I'm never wrong (wrong, wrong)
(And I wonder)
You know what? Maybe you're right (right, right)
A'ight?

And I'm back on my grind
A psychic read my lifeline
Told me in my lifetime
My name would help light up the Chicago skyline
And that's why I'm
(And I wonder)
Seven o'clock, that's primetime
Heaven'll watch, God calling from the hotlines
Why he keep giving me hot lines?
I'm a star, how could I not shine?
(And I wonder)
How many ladies in the house?
(If you know)
How many ladies in the house without a spouse?
(What it means)
Something in your blouse got me feeling so aroused
(What it means)
What you about?
(And I wonder)
On that independent shit
(If you know)
Trade it all for a husband and some kids
(What it means)
You ever wonder what it all really mean?
(To find your dreams come true)
You wonder if you'll ever find your dreams?





I run the city I got the block on ten
Fuck you if you never thought that I can win
You ain't a hustler I expose you
I can not pretend





I believe that there's a big future out there with a lot of beautiful things
Lot of handsome men, lot of luxury
I want a car, I want to be able to get anything...
I want this, this is what I want, and I'm gonna go for it
I want to live a normal happy life (Work this pussy), whether it's being married and adopting children
(Work this pussy, work this pussy, work this pussy)
Whether it's being famous and rich, I want so much more
(Work this pussy, work this pussy, work this pussy)
I want... I want my name to be a household...

Little girl (A-ha-ha-ha-ha...)
Please stop your crying
I'll be late for that, baby, I'll wait for that
If you had a taste of that, you'd probably pay for that
I'm comin' in when I feel like
So turn this motherfucker up only if it feels right
I'll be late for that, I can't wait for that
I think I was made for that
So I'm comin' in when I feel like
So turn this motherfucker up only if it feels right
Stop all your blood clot cryin', I was flyin'
Made it to school with barely enough time to sign in
Yeah, I hear the alarm, yeah, I hear you, Mom
Yeah, yeah, I don't wan' be broke when I'm thirty-one
They said the best classes go to the fastest, sorry, Mr. West
There's no good classes, and that's what yo' ass get
Not even electives? Not even prerequisites?
You mean I missed my major by a couple of seconds?
Now I'm in the shop class or the basket weavin'
With all the rest of the motherfuckers underachievin'
Man, this is an insult
I went to junior high with all of them and they been slow
If I can catch the beat then slow down the tempo
Just throw this at the end if I'm too late for the intro
Will I make it from the student loans to a Benzo?
Like old folks pissin', I guess it all depends, oh, oh
Stop your cryin', baby
I'll be late for that, baby, I'll wait for that
If you had a taste of that, you'd probably pay for that
I'm comin' in when I feel like
So turn this motherfucker up only if it feels right
I'll be late for that, I can't wait for that
I think I was made for that
So I'm comin' in when I feel like
So turn this motherfucker up only if it feels right
You know when you be late you miss all the lights
That's right (that's right), that's right (that's right)
And when you get back she gon' start up a fight
That night (that night), that night
Baby, it's too late for that, lately I've been takin it slow
Try and make it to the party 'fore the guest list close
With the freshest hoes, the professors know
We about to get real unprofessional
Like them Eskimos, what would you do for a Klondike?
Or two dykes that look Christina Milian-like?
Hmm, I'll be on time for that
I ain't thought of no line that could rhyme with that
Yo, I'll be there in five minutes, five hours later?
"I'll be there in five minutes," go 'head, ride with it
I'm so live with it, look how I did it
Been bullshittin' but I finally arrived with it
I know it's late and I took all year but
You can stop complainin' 'cause I'm finally here, yeah
"Blazin, mi don't want dem
Mi need dem
Blazin"
"Suh mi tek har outta bugah red and put her in a tall skirt
And now she find out what life is really worth
No to X rated"
"Yo mi tek har outta bugah red and put her in a tall skirt
And now she find out what life is really worth
No to X rated"





Ain't no way I'm givin' up. I'm a god



Oh, they got it all, you can see they got it all
They got the cars, the boat, and the beautiful house by the shore
And you know there's more
But I can't take another minute of it all
He wants his kids and the dog, he wants his breakfast in bed
He's got his trust fund saved, not a worry in his head
But it's not you, homie
I wanna break up the scene and see you running back to me
'Cause I feel like taking off
Let me be your supernova
Before you make the biggest mistake of your life
Just give me a chance to get it right, get it right
Yeah I feel like taking off
Let me be your supernova tonight
Before you make the biggest mistake of your life
Just give me a chance to get it right, get it right

Benfica, benfica, benfica ganha sempre
Benfica, benfica, benfica ganha sempre
Benfica, benfica, benfica para sempre
Também sou de famalicão, mas o benfica ganha
Benfica não te preocupes tens o poder
Do Trovoada, não te vais fuder
Fiz este álbum, num dia
E o Karki, é da Índia
Trovoada e benfica, ganham sempre
Quando perdem, é aborrecente
O Karki, perde, sempre
E o Trovoada é convicente
Se não segues o Trovoada, sabes que te seguem
O Trovoada no bosque, levas no rabiosque
O Trovoada não ta a brincar e esses madjes, estão a esticar
Trovoada ganha sempre, foda-se o sporting
Pancada velha nesses madjes
Trovoada é sempre do benfica
O Trovoada e a tua prima
Pensam que o conseguem derrotar
Mas depois ficam a chorar
O Trovoada a ganhar e o Dramático a idiotar
Benfica, madje, melhor clube, ché
Trovoada
Bitch better have my money
Y'all should know me well enough
Bitch better have my money
Please don't call me on my bluff
Pay me what you owe me
Ballin' bigger than LeBron
Bitch, give me your money
Who y'all think y'all frontin' on?
Like bra, bra, bra
Louis XIII, and it's all on me, nigga, you just bought a shot
Kamikaze, if you think that you gon' knock me off the top
Shit, your wife in the backseat of my brand new foreign car
Don't act like you forgot
I call the shots, shots, shots
Like bra, bra, bra
Pay me what you owe me, don't act like you forgot
Bitch better have my money
Bitch better have my money
Pay me what you owe me
Bitch better have my (bitch better have my)
Bitch better have my
(Drop it!)
(Just drop it!)
Bitch better have my money
Turn up to Rihanna while the whole club fuckin' wasted
Every time I drop, I am the only thing y'all playin'
In a drop top, doin' hundred, y'all in my rearview mirror racin'
Where y'all at? Where y'all at? Where y'all at?
Like bra, bra, bra
Louis XIII, and it's all on me, nigga, you just bought a shot
Kamikaze, if you think that you gon' knock me off the top
Shit, your wife in the backseat of my brand new foreign car
Don't act like you forgot
I call the shots, shots, shots
Like bra, bra, bra
Pay me what you owe me, don't act like you forgot
Bitch better have my money
Bitch better have my money
Pay me what you owe me
Bitch better have my (bitch better have my)
Bitch better have my
(Drop it!)
(Let's go!)
Bitch better have my money
Real friends, how many of us?
How many of us, how many jealous? Real friends
It's not many of us, we smile at each other
But how many honest? Trust issues
I got the thing too
Hope you're doin' your thing, too
I'm a deadbeat cousin, I hate family reunions
Fuck the church up by drinkin' at the communion
Spillin' free wine, now my tux is ruined
I'm just trying to find her, what the fuck we doin'?
Who your real friends? We all came from the bottom
I'm always blamin' you, but what's sad, you not the problem
Damn, I forgot to call her, shit, I thought it was Thursday
Why you wait a week to call my phone in the first place?
When was the last time I remembered a birthday?
When was the last time I wasn't in a hurry?
Uh
Even to call your daughter on her FaceTime
Real friends
I guess I get what I deserve, don't I?
Word on the streets is they ain't heard from him
I guess I get what I deserve, don't I?
Talked down on my name, throwed dirt on him
I couldn't tell you how old your daughter was
Couldn't tell you how old your son is
I got my own Jr. on the way, dawg
Plus I already got one kid
I just showed up for the duh duh
Maybe fifteen minutes, took some pictures with your sister
Merry Christmas, then I'm finished, then it's back to business
You wanna ask some questions 'bout some real shit?
Like I ain't got enough pressure to deal with
Please don't pressure me with that bill shit
Niggas thinkin' I'm crazy, you defendin' me
It's funny I ain't spoke to niggas in centuries
To be honest, dawg, I ain't feelin' your energy
Real friends
How many of us? How many of us?
Oh, real friends to real friends
To the real end
Til' the wheels don't spin
To the 3:00 a.m. - calling
How many?
Just to ask you a question just to see how you was feeling?
How many?
For the last you was frontin'
I hate when a nigga text you like, "What's up, fam? Hope you good"
You say, "I'm good, I'm great," the next text they ask you for somethin'
How many?
I had a cousin that stole my laptop that I was fuckin' bitches on
Paid that nigga two-hundred-fifty-thousand just to get it from him
Real friends
Huh?
Real friends
I guess I get what I deserve, don't I?
Word on the streets is they ain't heard from him
I guess I get what I deserve, don't I?
Talked down on my name, throwed dirt on him
You Cuban link, we've been through a lot

Let me pray to the name of the lord
Now they really feeling like they ...
“You know, people expect that if you're black you have to be Democrat. I have conversations that basically said that welfare is the reason why a lot of black people end up being Democrat they say – you know first of all, it’s a limit to amount of jobs, so the fathers lose the job and they say, ‘We’ll give you more money for having more kids in your home.' And then we got rid of the mental health institutes in the 80s and the 90s and the prison rates just shot up. And now you have Chiraq, what people call Chiraq, which actually, our murder rate is going down by 20 per cent every year. I just talked to the superintendent, met with Michael Sacks, that’s Ron's right hand man. So, I think it's the bravery that helps you beat this game called life. You know they tried to scare me to not wear this hat, my own friends, but this hat, it gives me power in a way.
“You know, my dad and my mom separated, so I didn't have a lot of male energy in my home. And also I’m married now into a family that, you know, not a lot of male energy going on, it's beautiful though. But there's times where, you know, it's something about, I love Hillary, I love everyone, right, but the campaign “I'm With Her” just didn't make me feel as a guy that didn't get to see my dad all the time, like a guy that could play catch with his son. It was something about when I put this hat on, it made me feel like Superman. You made us Superman, that's my favorite superhero, and you made a Superman cape for me.
“So, I had the balls, because I have enough balls to put on this hat. I mean, this Adidas thing made me a billionaire. And I could have lost $200 million walking away from that deal. But even with that, I knew it was more important for me to take the chance of walking away from that deal, than to have no fathers in Chicago, with no homes. And when we do have prison reformation, not rehabilitation, because they didn't have the abilities in the first place. We never had anyone who taught us, they didn't teach us. Then any specific deal, anything, that we bring jobs into America. And that we provide a transition with mental health and the AmeriCan education curriculum that Jim has worked on. Larry Hoover also has a curriculum that he's worked on. We have Montessori curriculums that we worked on. WeWorks has beautiful curriculum. The Waldorf establishment has a curriculum. We have meditation.
“There's a lot of things affecting our mental health that makes us do crazy things, that puts us back into that trap door that's called the 13th Amendment. I did say, “abolish,” with the hat on, because why would you keep something around that's a trap door. If you building a floor, the constitution is the base of our industry, of our country, of our company. Would you build a trap door that if you mess up and accidentally something happens, you fall and you end up next to the Uni-bomber, you gotta remove all that trapdoor out of the relationship. The four gentleman that wrote the 13th Amendment, and I think the way the universe works is perfect, we don't have 13 floors, do we? You know, the four gentleman that wrote the 13th amendment didn't look like the people they were amending. Also, at that point, it was illegal for blacks to read, or African Americans, to read. So, that meant if you actually read the Amendment, you'd get locked up! And turned into a slave. Again, so what I think is, we don't need sentences, we need pardons. We need to talk to people.
What's the point of interacting?
If no one will talk to me?
And I'd rather have left be
And you all can go off with your money & weed
First let me find myself
So I can redefine myself
But I still might not come out
I'm not ready to shout
And be noticed
And make new moments
That I can cherish over
Being safe & sober
But if I put myself out
It might not be much
I won't lie
Like forever, I'd rather hide
I can think better alone
Locked away in my home
I'm not respected either though
But I don't wanna if you should know
So goodbye for now
Maybe I'll wonder how
How I would've done without a frown
And instead with a crown
Stay away
I'm too afraid
To leave this cave
It's the only place
To stay away from doom
And nonstop gloom
And that cave is my bedroom
And no one better step a foot
I can think better alone
Locked away in my home
I'm not respected either though
But I don't wanna if you should know

I think I got mixed personalities
This bitch switched up my whole mentality
This girl, she got mixed personalities
One day she's happy, then she mad at me

Oh, now, I got mixed personalities
She got me stressin', singin' melodies
For her, I swear I'd catch a felony
Oh, Penelope
Say you want someone
Say you want someone
Said you want someone
Said you want someone

I think I got mixed personalities
This bitch switched up my whole mentality
This girl, she got mixed personalities
One day she's happy, then she's mad at me



I think I got mixed personalities
This bitch switched up my whole mentality
This girl, she got mixed personalities
One day she's happy, then she mad at me

The damage is done
Whose fault?
Let's play the blame game, I love you more
Let's play the blame game, for sure
Let's call out names, names, I hate you more
Let's call out names, name, for sure
I'll call you bitch for short
As the last resort, as my first resort
You call me motherfucker for long
At the end now, now we both for wrong
But I love to play the blame game, I love you more
And it is I not fighting you, for sure
Let's call names, names, I hate you for
One day for sure you have to knock on the door
On a bathroom wall I wrote
"I'd rather argue with you than to be with someone else" (Someone else, someone else)
I took a piss and dismiss it and off it
And I went and found somebody else (Else, else)
Fuck arguing and harvestin' the mum-puh-nuh
I'd rather be by my fucking self (Self)
Till about two o'clock and I call back up in the suhm-puh-nuhm-puh suhm-puh-nuh you dealt (Dealt)
And I just sing to play the blame game, I love you more
Until it's up, thum-puh-nuhm-nuh for sure
And call names, names, I hate you more
Is there anything I can do to hold, like, uh-f-fuh
You weren't perfect but you made life worth it
Stick around and some feelings might surface
When I ought for too long to— uh, think since I spoke to you in a bathroom
Gripping you up, fucking and choking you
What the hell was I supposed to do?
I know you ain't getting this kind of dick from that local dude
And if you are I hope you have a good time
'Cause I definitely be having mine
And play the blame game, I love you more
Take uh-seh, ah-puh-luhm-suhn-do
And call names, names, I hate you, whore
You can't do somethin', damn, like "God", suhm-hoah



En skønne dag starter vi
En skønne dag får vi det her væk
Baby, du vover på at satse alt
På en pakke Fentanyl
Du tror måske de har afskrevet dig
De vil blive nødt til at spærre mig af
En skønne dag vil dramaet være væk
Og de vil bede for, at det ikke er nok
Nogle gange tager jeg al rampelyset
Taler som om jeg har drukket al vinen
År foran men langt bagud
Jeg er på en, to, tre, fire, fem
Ingen halve sandheder, kun nøgne sind
Fanget mellem tid og sted
Det her er ikke hvad de havde i tankerne
Men måske en skønne dag


In the night, I hear 'em talk, the coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road, he lost his soul
To a woman so heartless
How could you be so heartless?
Oh... how could you be so heartless?
How could you be so, cold as the winter wind when it breeze yo
Just remember that you talkin' to me though
You know need to watch the way you talkin' to me you know
I mean after all the things that we've been through
I mean after all the things we got into
Yo, I know of some things that you ain't told me
Yo, I did some things but that's the old me
And now you wanna get me back and you goin' show me
So you walk around like you don't know me
You got a new friend, well I got homies
But in the end it's still so lonely
In the night, I hear 'em talk, the coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road, he lost his soul
To a woman so heartless
How could you be so heartless?
Oh... how could you be so heartless?
How could be so Dr. Evil, you bringin' out the side of me that I don't know
I decided we weren't goin' speak so
Why we up 3 A.M. on the phone?
Why does she be so mad at me fo'?
Homie I don't know, she's hot and cold
I won't stop, I won't mess my groove up 'cause I already know how this thing go
You run and tell your friends that you leavin' me
They say that they don't see what you see in me
You wait a couple months then you gon' see
You'll never find nobody better than me
'Cause in the night, I hear 'em talk, the coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road, he lost his soul
To a woman so heartless
How could you be so heartless?
Oh... how could you be so heartless?
Talk and talk and talk and talk
Baby, let's just knock it off
They don't know what we been through
They don't know 'bout me and you
So I got somethin' new to see
And you just gon' keep hatin' me
And we just gon' be enemies
I know you can't believe
I could just leave it wrong
And you can't make it right
I'm gon' take off tonight into the night
In the night, I hear 'em talk, the coldest story ever told
Somewhere far far far, he lost his soul
To a woman so heartless
Oh, How could you be so heartless?
Oh, How could you be so heartless?
Oh
'Cause In the night, I hear 'em talk, the coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road, he lost his soul
To a woman so heartless




I just don't know what I am! Where my co-host is!
Then let's go to the, wait what?
Four? Did you just ask where your co-host is?
Yeah! Where's X?
Four, you told X to leave you!

I feel it's fadin'
I feel it's-
Uh, uh, uh
Uh, uh, uh
Uh, uh, uh
Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh
Uh, uh, uh
Uh, uh, uh
Uh, uh, uh
Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh
I feel it's fadin'

I wanted that act right in Colorado that night
I brought trees to blow through, but it's just me and no you
Stayed up 'til my phone died, smoking big, rolling solo
It's hell on Earth and the city's on fire
Inhale, in hell there's heaven
There's a bull and a matador dueling in the sky
Inhale, in hell there's heaven
Oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh
Fade, Fade, Fade
Through the fir-
"Where am I goin'?"
"Hahahaha, ha!"
"Hahaha."
"Thank you, goodnight!"
"Yo. Thank you, goodnight."
"Ha!"
"Oh."
Days like this, all I can ask is why
Why can't I feel in the storm that won't pass by
Why'd you leave me all alone
Why'd you leave me all alone
Why'd you leave me to face this on my own
But you don't answer
Where's your power
I need to feel you here
But I cannot feel you near
Why don't you answer
Nights like this, all I can ask is why
How could you leave me in this place right now
How could you leave me all alone
How could you leave me all alone
How could you leave me to face this on my own
But you don't answer
Where's your power
I need to feel you here
But I cannot feel you near
Why don't you answer
Why can't I feel you near
How could you leave me here
I need you now more than ever
Why won't you give me an answer
Why can't I feel you near
How could you leave me here
I need you now more than ever
Why won't you give me an answer
I know you hear my cry
I know you hear me ask why
I know you see my pain
So why can't I see you through this pouring rain
Days like this, all I can do is cry
God I'm tired of asking you why-y-y-y-y
So here I am
Here I am
I'm tired of questioning your plan
And you answer
You show me your power
When you cannot feel me near
Know I am always here
There's my answer
When you feel you're on your own
No I'll never leave you alone
There's my answer
When you feel the need to hide
Know I'm always by your side
I'll always answer
Days like this, all I can do is praise
God you are here, even in my darkest days
I trust in you
I trust in you
I trust in you
I know you will pull me through
I know you'll answer
You'll show me your power
I know you know whats past
Even when this life is a mess
You'll always answer
I know I'll be fine
Because in your time
You'll answer
I'll wait for your answer
Days like this, all I can do is wait
And I always find, yeah, I always find something wrong
You been putting up with my shit just way too long
(This copy is for Hype Williams)
I'm so gifted at finding what I don't like the most
So I think it's time for us to have a toast
Let's have a toast for the douchebags
Let's have a toast for the assholes
Let's have a toast for the scumbags
Every one of them that I know
Let's have a toast for the jerk-offs
That'll never take work off
Baby, I got a plan
Run away fast as you can
She find pictures in my e-mail
I sent this bitch a picture of my dick
I don't know what it is with females
But I'm not too good at that shit
See, I could have me a good girl
And still be addicted to them hoodrats
And I just blame everything on you
At least you know that's what I'm good at
And I always find, yeah, I always find
Yeah I always find something wrong
(This copy is for Hype Williams)
You been putting up with my shit just way too long
I'm so gifted at finding what I don't like the most
So I think it's time for us to have a toast
Let's have a toast for the douchebags
Let's have a toast for the assholes
Let's have a toast for the scumbags
Every one of them that I know
Let's have a toast for the jerk-offs
That'll never take work off
Baby, I got a plan
Run away fast as you can
Run away from me, baby, ah, run away
Run away from me, baby
Run away
When it starts to get crazy
Then, run away
Babe, I got a plan, run away as fast as you can
Run away from me, baby, run away
(This copy is for Hype Williams)
Run away from me, baby
Run away
When it starts to get crazy
Why can't she just, run away?
Baby, I got a plan, run away as fast as you can

Never was much of a romantic
I could never take the intimacy
And I know I did damage
Cause the look in your eyes is killing me
I guess you are at an advantage
Cause you can blame me for everything
And I don't know how I'ma manage
If one day you just up and leave
And I always find, yeah, I always find something wrong
You been putting up with my shit just way too long
I'm so gifted at finding what I don't like the most
So I think it's time for us to have a toast
Let's have a toast for the douchebags
Let's have a toast for the assholes
Let's have a toast for the scumbags
Every one of them that I know
Let's have a toast for the jerk-offs
(This copy is for Hype Williams)
That'll never take work off
Baby, I got a plan
Run away fast as you can
(This copy is for Hype Williams)
(This copy is for Hype Williams)
(This copy is for Hype Williams)








I feel the pressure
Under more scrutiny
And what I do?
Act more stupidly
Pop more jewelry, hoard Louis V
My momma couldn't get through to me
The drama, people suing me
I'm on TV talking like it's just you and me
I'm just saying how I feel man
I ain't one of the Cosby's
I ain't go to hell man
I guess the money should've changed em
I finally came back to where I came from
Ahhh la la la la
Our Lord and savior, Jesus Christ
Accept and receive eternal life
Aaahhh
They can't tell me nothing
Uh uh, they can't tell me nothing
They can't tell me nothing
Uh uh, they can't tell me nothing
Ahhh la la la la
Our Lord and savior, Jesus Christ
Accept and receive eternal life
Aaahhh
They can't tell me nothing
Uh uh, they can't tell me nothing
They can't tell me nothing
Uh uh, they can't tell me nothing
See the devil will make you think
If you follow God
You finna fall off
We put these tickets on sale in the morning
And they sold out in the morning
Nah I'm saying I be in the studio
And people come up to me like
And then they'll play songs that's all like
"I was with these girls like this, I did this girl"
All this type of stuff-
Basically sayin' like
Look, if you follow God
You finna fall off
That Jesus came number one1, 3 weeks
That Jesus born
But not just that, finding that peace
Inside you
Not just the numbers
God using us to show off
To show God is better than the Devil
The Devil took all the producers, the musicians, the designers
Moved us all out to Hollywood
Moved us all out to New York
Chasing ghost statues
Literally signing a contract to selling our souls
They got contracts out there that say you can't say Jesus
When we was working on this album people used to be coming over the studio just to say Jesus as loud as they wanted to
You can say Jesus in Ye studio
You see, I'm like one of them, I'm like a uh uh, a Nineteen Star Michelin chef
The way I cook up, you know what I'm saying
But if the Devil have you serving 8 restaurants at one time
It might drive you crazy
And one of the restaurants could be your own ego
One of them restaurants could be public opinion
One of them restaurants could be legacy
One of them restaurants could be fame
One of them restaurants could be money
But there's only one restaurant we servin' for tonight
And I said tonight 'cause I be in the future sometimes
And that's God's restaurant
Where everybody coming as service to God
And he bringing it back tenfold
A hundredfold
A millionfold
Blessings untold
Blessings harder than gold
Stronger than it go
I returned my soul
To the one that chose me
The one that owns me
The ones that shows me
And that's what God showed me
The Devil controlled me
But he can't hold me
Because God control me
And life has showed me
That God is the only
The real not the phony
The phonies will clone me
Just watch how they cloned me
I'm here with more homies
I'm here with my families
I don't need a Grammy
I'm back in the building
I'm here with my children
You know it's a feeling
You know it's a feeling
You know it's a feeling
Ahhh la la la la (Yeah, that's that feeling!)
Ahhh la la la la (Yeah, that's that feeling!)
Ahhh la la la la (Yeah, that's that feeling)
La la la la yea
For my Lord and savior, Jesus Christ
Ohhh
Ah ah, ayy
And that's why
They can't tell me nothing
La la la la our Lord and savior Jesus Christ
Laaa la la la la
Accept and receive eternal life
Aaah
They can't tell us nothing (uh uh!)
Yea
Uh uh, they can't tell us nothing
They can't tell us nothing
They can't tell us nothing
It's the ugliest nightmare born from the prettiest dreams
Millions of people tryin' to get on the scene
And everyone sellin' their souls, everyone sellin' their...
Everyone sayin' they woke
But they sleepwalkin', dead, eyes closed
L.A. monster

It's the ugliest nightmare born from the prettiest dreams
Millions of people tryin' to get on the scene
And everyone sellin' their souls, everyone sellin' their...
Everyone sayin' they woke

Uh, yeah
Uh, uh
Hopped off the Amistad and made "I'm A God"
It's always a lituation when I'm involved
It's always a lituation when I'm involved
See, I say what they say when the mic is off
Parents are the strippers, strip kids of they confidence
Teach white dominance, question your common sense
See, I've been washed in tradition and I'ma rinse
Hopped off the Amistad and made "I'm A God"
It's always a lituation when I'm involved
See, I say what they say when the mic is off
And I’m back in a major way
And she's singing like Jamaicans say
"Waa daa dang, waa daata daata dang
That nigga got a whole lot of chains
And a whip, and a boat like a slave
And he hopping out the motherfucking Range
Why’s she getting so amped?
Cause I'm sucking on her neck like a vamp
You can feel the fangs
And she looking at my phone book like "Ayo
You got a whole lot of names."
And I’m looking at your phone book like, "Hey yo
You got a whole lot of lames."
That’s why is time to switch lanes
Cause before us it's also the same
So far, before Joistarr
And that’s why I got my favorite chick sang




We began after the storm inside
Lay the land, it's just the morning light






Hey man
Sometimes you just gotta spit some real shit
You know there's always the fun shit
And then there's the real shit
Here I go
New year, I did nothing
Just sat and reflected
Wish someone called me or somethin'
I'm feeling neglected
Struggling, to keep relationships alive
But a man always does what it takes to survive
I'm just tryna prosper, but it's hard when I'm high
Paranoid, got me fucked up, hope I can make it on by
Now I'm staring at myself dead-on in the mirror
Days go by, the vision becomes a little clearer
Less blurry, I'm able to depict the picture
But part of me wishes I could be there with ya
My mind grown but at the same time getting sicker
Tryna stack my bread to six digit figures
Still figuring it out, I hope I can
I'm now leaving a face of a broken man
More like a boy for the way I acted
For the love I get, I'm just glad that I have it
Been leeching on the track like a motherfucking maggot
Time to break the cycle and give 'em all this magic
Yeah
Boy, this is really how I'm doing
Not a day goes by I'm not aiming at improving
Shooting, hoping I can hit the bucket
A lot of missed opportunities, my response is fuck it (fuck it)
Times are rough, we all get down
Money ain't nuthin' when no one's around
That's my life, this is how I live
Spend a lot of time cooped up in my crib
Times are rough, we all get down
Money ain't nuthin' when no one's around
That's my life, this is how I live
Spend a lot of time cooped up in my crib

Fuck talking shit lil nigga I’m with the issues
Bussing on these bitches they blowing us like a tissue
Bitches must be yellow they number two like a pencil
Paying for pussy these niggas paying for a rental


Fuck talking shit lil nigga I’m with the issues
Bussing on these bitches they blowing us like a tissue
Bitches must be yellow they number two like a pencil
Paying for pussy these niggas paying for a rental
Yeah
This that Metronome shit
Took a little while, here we go
Uh
Now this an opening
Into all my thoughts and what I think so
Let me begin now, let me begin with now
I stay lowkey like the south
Keep a low key like my door small
Low key like, I'm so tall
My key lost 'cause it small
My key fall, I winter it, December
I heat it to unfreeze like it's summer
I spring into the next line
I'm so fine, I'm feeling like Mulberry
I ain’t changing up, told my friends to not worry, heh
I go through A B, and Y and X, Xbox syllables
Xbox letters like they send letters to my letterbox
Saying shit all those letters straight to the litterbox
I press LT then RT, right trigger
Don't make me push the trigger
Or I might mess up your figure, now
I move on from the controller
I’m so bright, I’m finna implode like solar
Makin' money bitch I am a baller
Stay out of my zone or
I might turn on my sonar to keep you out
Detect the people out here chasin' all the  clout like I have any
I ain’t got the formula, go ask Sandy
I got my mind and creativity, I got plenty
I don’t rock Chanel, I rock Hard Rock t-shirts that I bought down in Walmart
Nah I'm playin, I rock EWN merch, flat-top, mesa, Logic sticker on my laptop
Let me break it down on the breakdown
Metronome shit, like a swing on a playground
If you hate on me, come here bitch, lay down
Take a break, take a breath, we still on the breakdown
Dropping this mixtape, I started from the dirt
Now your girl call me prince of her heart, I feel like Dirk
I work hard and I’m pursuing that number one hit
And that number one album, fame and shit
I mean, that ain’t my main goal
I never liked fame, thats a curse, you always being told what’s good
I just want recognition for all the shit I’ve done
Though I barely just begun, you know well that I ain’t done
Yo, wake up
The breakdowns over
Yo, get up!
Aight, listen
Break’s over, this year I broke my right shoulder
Tried to carry out some stunts like a big boulder
My arm carried too many stones, so I broke my shoulder
My mind carried too many problems, I broke its shoulders
Roll out, roll in
My wheels, rollin'
I touch the down, thats Jeff Rowland
Got more designs, than artichects
Lines more advanced than the new tech
Need money I mow the lawn
I can’t drink beer but if I could I would Moe the lawn
I’m spicy like Dijon
I was always the best at what I did, even back when I was born
Imma keep doing my shit until my dawn
For that I might need some money so let me mow the lawn
Let me buy a canvas, and some paint
Paint a picture of my thoughts and now it's drawn
This a closing for this song, but it's barely the start of this mixtape, The Metronome
Yeah
For you, Chester, here I go
Can I get an encore, do you want more
Cooking raw with the Carolina boy
So for one last time, I need y'all to roar
What the heck are you waiting for
And after me, there shall be no more
So for one last time, make some noise
Look what happened when I tried to make a song
I messed it up and probably got it all wrong
Can any of you say it to my face
Because you know I’m the one that you really hate
I got my life all screwed up
But take a look at what I’m gonna develop
I'm in Hollywood, got awesomeness
But hey, I’m not gay, I’m not an actress
On the low and the yacht got a triple deck
But when you young, what the heck you expect (Yep, yep)
Grand opening, grand closing
Wow, ok, I gotta get to walkin’
Because I’m getting really old, and I don’t wanna die
But if I did, I would really wanna fly
Just a note, I don’t own a tortoise
Since that made no sense, let’s skip to the chorus
Encore, do you want more
Cooking raw with the Jersey boy
So for one last time, I need y'all to roar (and dislike the video, just kidding)
What the heck are you waiting for
And after me, there shall be no more
So for one last time, make some noise
What the heck are you waiting for
Look what you made me do, look what I made for you
Knew if I paid my dues, how will they pay you
When they finally let me go
I got so mad, I was about to explode
From LA to NYC
From every single sea to shining sea
I go on tour to be the best
Right before I am put to rest
But I won’t stop there, I’ll come back
And don’t worry, I won’t be Little Mac
I’ll come back as a friendly guy
No smoke, no drink, and I won’t get high
Perfect words to use in a rap song
Then it was over, as the clock went “dong”
I came, I saw, I conquered
From record sales, to sold out concerts
So, if you want this encore
I need you to scream, until your lungs get sore
Tired of being what you want me to be
Feeling so faithless, lost under the surface
Don't know what you're expecting of me
But under the pressure of walking in your shoes
Every step that I take is another mistake to you
And every second I waste is more than I can take
I've become so numb, I can't feel you there
I’ve become so tired, so much more aware
I'm becoming this, all I want to do
Is be more like me and be less like
I've become so numb
Can I get an encore? Do you want more? (more, more, more)
I've become so numb
So for one last time, I need y'all to roar
One last time, make some noise
We in the streets, playa, get ya mail
It's only two places you end up, either dead or in jail
Still nowhere to go, still nowhere to go
Now throw ya hands up, hustlers, busters, boosters, hoes
Everybody, fuck that
Still nowhere to go
Still nowhere to go

Now throw ya hands up, hustlers, busters, boosters, hoes
(Throw your hands up high)
Everybody, fuck that
Still nowhere to go, still nowhere to go
And keep ya hands up, hustlers
Busters, boosters, hoes ('Til they reach the sky)
Everybody, fuck that
Still nowhere to go, still nowhere to go


Now throw ya hands up, hustlers, busters, boosters, hoes
(Throw your hands up high) Everybody, fuck that
They try to hold me back to hide the fact that I'm a threat
My mind's the truth behind the lies and I define what they regret
And fact the matter is it isn't yet a promise till it's kept
And honestly, we'll see the past repeat itself until the end
They try to hold me back to hide the fact that I'm a threat
My mind's the truth behind the lies and I define what they regret
And fact the matter is it isn't yet a promise till it's kept
And honestly, we'll see the past repeat itself until the end
I'm meant to be the one to fix the cycle, spinning till I'm dead
I'll run into the sun until it's coming back behind my head
I never knew the reason that I was alive until I bled
I know I won't be here for very long, I'm hanging by a thread
Aw damn
Bitch I don’t want no piece
I want the whole thing
I can feel it’s name
Callin’ on my soul, ring
I don’t want no piece
I want the whole thing
Full plate and hungry
Callin’ on a—
If your got eye on me
Entirely
Better check the IO3s
Don’t fly by the ‘pportunity
And if you don’t, ahem
You better never, you see
I don’t take to fakes
Them ties I sever, truly
I can be more clever
Than you have anticipated
Had my own endeavors
Better watch yo statements
Stackin’, affording
I’m rackin’ some backings for me
Trackin’, recording
I’m masterin’ some bangers and beats
Focused on myself this year
I done played the underdog my whole career
I've been a very good sport, haven't I, so far?
Used and abused, now I’mma set the bar
My flows the realest
I’m dope, no dealin’
What else they need?
I’m here to sprout then out my seeds
Like I’m nuttin’ in a hoe
And with that hoe I’m tillin’ soil
Raise the next generation
Y’all better praise the toil
Bitch I don’t want no piece
I want the whole thing
I can feel it’s name
Callin’ on my soul, ring
I don’t want no piece
I want the whole thing
Full plate and hungry
Callin’ on a sole ring
Wish I had a bedpan to piss in
Cause of how sickened I am
The scene just crammin’ in shams
Scammin’ the auditions
Not just rap and religion
Media’s mission, instillin’ visions
Causin’ divisions
With fiction, Goddamn
The friction with all that and my brain
Really do be causin’ me all these migraines
That’s interfering with my grain, my daily bread
Half a loaf is better than none, I’m gon’ move ahead
Hungry like it’s Ramadan
They must think I’m the bomb
Must be, huh? They pulled
My mom aside in Madrid
Same happened to my dad
Instead
Was in the US
But we don’t stress, we out this bitch
Bitch I don’t want no piece
I want the whole thing
I can feel it’s name
Callin’ on my soul, ring
I don’t want no piece
I want the whole thing
Full plate and hungry
Callin’ on a sole ring
My God I’m illin’
Amoxicillin
For those who ain’t
Got no hearin’
Still judge, no peers in
No fair case
The plot still thickens
No loans, no quickens
No jokes, McChickens
Blueprint not stickin’
Bitch, fuck players hate
Uh, ok
I came in the game with a chip on my shoulder
I´m looking at the competition, all these niggas is older
Only got two favourite rappers, {?}
I´m sipping the soda
Lamborghini acquipped with the motor
Until I hop in the {?}
Reminiscing my past {?}
Carry it
The cash came herited from my last name
Uh, I´m from a tribe of runners
I buy the building
Please hide the children
I´m bout to go on a killer spree
Know you feeling me
Got these rap pawns {?}
What I really need
These hoes are a bunch of Billie Jeans
Fake-ass niggas
Snake-ass niggas
Rapping real fast but what did you say-ass niggas
Type important
And the mic recorded
Your life, you stored it
The best nigga out of the league since Michael Jordan
I´m plotting what I´m about to accomplish
Quite normal
I don´t have the right to forfeit
My nigga, my life historic
Call Spike Lee
Tell him how I made it off of type beats
I'm from a place where shit can never phase you
Day to night, so fast, the clyde paid you
You didn't have phase two, slip hat, steel wrist
Real reps, the street made due
I popped up so fresh for '88
Rep on the plate and still I never left my crew
I never sweat but other odd jobs I did do
I did two summers in BK, a feverish flu
I caught, I ought to be crazy the way I brought it back
Part of that was seeing it first hand and all of that
Came from my parents and rain from the sky
But it made them, ask me where they're from, I don't play dumb
I don't play no part that I can't finish off
I don't wait 'til your day start, I take it apart
I met so many others while I was on the come up
We from L.A., it's only natural we think we one up
We think we rise with the sun, we think we fall with the moon
We think we hot shit, we can't tell December from June
I'm not knockin' the land that got it poppin', it's true
Without L.A., you can't spell the name of my crew
I knew some others who knew someone in show biz
They introduced us, already know him
Her, different places, so many faces
Went to high school with Nicole Richie, she had braces
I could never fuck with school, wasn't into this
My other classmate was Mikey from Incubus
My other girl wasn't wifey, more like porno chick
My friend Alan, they now call him Alchemist
It's a trip, I think Ethan Brown made me rap
I be wonderin', "Dawg, where the fuck you at?"
Understandin' the red, that's how you get in the black
Some came up and some never makin' it back, back..
Haha, yeah
You know I've seen a lot of people come up, right?
(DJ Skee)
Let me tell you 'bout it, come on, uh
John Legend and Michael with no car, yo
I guess that was a car, I don't really call that a car, though
I knew celebs before they blew, too many to count
I got news, nothin' new under the sun, you know I been out
I be keepin' with my peoples on the regular
And I be peepin' old friends who now competitors
I remember will.i.am was called Will 1 X
That's not a diss but I still got the tape in my deck
I got an old friend who made Celeb Rehab
I watch it, can't stop laughin', he plottin', coppin' three bags
I do me, I'm on the wave with a gift
A certain rapper don't remember when he didn't have a lift
I could bring up old dirt first, but now that's past tense
Side note: I knew Mark Ronson before the accent
Side note: It's 3 AM, I'm still rappin' (Thank you, thank you)
It's 3 AM, you're still clappin'
I met B-Real before "Time 4 Sum Aksion"
Knew the deal before people started askin'
Simple questions, never thought to ask before it happened
Do kush before the fashion
Got the green thumb between these gloves with the hash print
With the cash in hand and my passport stamped
Nothing I can't do, the new people's champ










Feel like De Niro on casino, where they got the Sun ???
North shining when you growing on the ice (What you expect)
Meet a girl, she was blowing on the dice (Uh)
Put the game, dirty game for da
???

Yeah, put your hands in the air, North Sea
Yeah yeah, it's like this y’all, yeah
Let me hear ya say 'Yeah'
Say ’Oh yeah'
Say 'The real hip-hop'
At North Sea
Check it
I want to be as free as the spirits of those who left
I'm talking Malcolm, Coltrane, my man Yusef
Through death grew conception, new breath and resurrection
For moms, new steps in a direction
In the right way, told her, "Inside is where the fight lay
Everything a nigga do may not be what he might say"
Chicago nights they, stay on the mind
I write many lives, they, lay on these lines
Wavin' signs of the times, many say the grind's on the mind
Shorties blunted-eyed and everyone wanna rhyme
Bush pushing lies, killers immortalized
We got arms but won't reach for the skies
Waiting for the Lord to rise, I looked into my daughter’s eyes
Realize I’ma learn through her
The Messiah, might even return through her
If I'ma do it, I gotta change the world through her
Furs and a Benz, Gramps wantin ’em
Demons and old friends, Pops, they hauntin' him
The chosen one from the land of the frozen sun
Where drunk nights get remembered more than sober ones
Walk like warriors, we were never told to run
Explored the world to return to where my soul begun
Never looking back, or too far in front of me
The present is a gift, and I just want to be...
And you say North Sea
Make some noise
Where my peoples at here from Amsterdam?
What about Rotterdam?
Den Haag?
What about the US?
Yeah, dricker bärs
Tar en öl eller två
Sippar lite vodka hela dagen lång
I min basement, hela dagen lång
Mördar en afghan eller två hela dan
Sitter här med det vita i min bunker
Hela dagen lång det blir lite grönt och sånt
Ja, ja, med mina barn där
I skåpbilen ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja





I gotta admit that at the start I was a little scared
Tungkong Kalan was such a blast didn’t wanna compare
But for the Dombagol I had to keep a promise to be honest if he was PCN Coord I told him I’d be on it
And so I did
Cheers to another semester
Here’s to them long nights barely getting to rest up
Still givin' the best of my ability to dress up
Keep character, necks up
Eyes down, chest up
Give the rest of the cast a good reason to keep they heads up
I cared way too much for all of y’all for me to mess up
My attendance was up and down made up for it with perseverance
Been goin’ at it ever since our first appearance
But the newbies don’t know, but later they’ll understand it
The veterans were familiar with the flight until the landing
Shout out the coordinators, the committees, and board
This goes out to all the Alumni who will never get bored of that feeling that they feeling when they filling up the front section of Matador Square
You know we had to go there
Practice started with the sun up, one run thru till the evening. Bittersweet moment welcome to PCN season, yeah
Last year I had all my Codings and Ate Jojo
This year I had our adings I’m ridin’ solo
I got the solo for Mumbagol that wasn’t the goal but once I earned it I decided to embrace it and go. Ugh
Sierra, Jacaranda, Manzanita
29 degrees but Best Fam still got that new freezer. (That’s cold.)
Still went full out for the Association
Did our best to research to avoid appropriation, misrepresentation
I’m gonna miss the cup noodles and warm blankets
The two a day practice
All the emotional actin’ the instruments bangin’
Documenting with cameras
The costumes and makeup that added to our fashion
Hurry up if you about to use the restroom
Cuz right after you pee might miss the next cue
I remember when I first saw the helicopter
I had to pick my eyes up and place them back in they sockets
And don’t forget to go hunting for all the sponsorships!
Getting that PAC was such an accomplishment
Each and every one of y’all got respect from me. Not only did we host a show we made the show for free
The newbies don’t know, later they’ll understand it
The veterans were familiar with the flight until the landing
Shout out the coordinators, the committees, and board
This goes out to all the Alumni who will never get bored of that feeling that they feeling when they filling up the front section of Matador Square
You know we had to go there
Practice started with the sun up, two run thrus till the evening
And don’t close your eyes when it’s PCN season
And everybody got they own reasons. Meaning
Some people do it just because it's life
And some people do PCN to discover they inner light
And some people do PCN because they out of they mind
Some people do it to give back to the communi-T-Y
TY to everybody that does it and understands the price
Some people do it just because they wanna pass time
And some people do it to escape they day to day lives
And it’s beautiful how we can go from a dance we can’t pronounce, to showin’ out with a group in front of a crowd
However, whatever we all worked it out
I’m just glad I got to do it with y’all till curtain down
Damn, where the hell is everybody?
I hope y'all hit the hotline up
Yo. Every time I dance I can feel my ancestors walkin’
Every time I cry I can feel my ancestors talkin’
And we may not know it but around us our ancestors watchin
And when I’m on stage I feel 30,000 of my ancestors marchin’
Y'all feel that? Ha. Let's go! Listen
And the newbies ain’t newbies no more they finally understand it
The veterans got they seatbelts fastened prepared for landing
Switch up the coordinators, the committees and board
And now I’m that alumnus who will never get bored, of that feeling that I’m feeling when I visit y’all next year at Matador Square, you know I’m bout to go there
And with a blink of an eye we are no longer meetin
Conclusion of PCN season
Let's go
You think you the king, hell nah
And i spit so much yeah, you in awe
Bumpin’ that new Ah’Lay, that law
This song so perfect yeah, no flaw
Summertime beat, summertime flow
Pack up the dough, and head to the sto
New ways to grow, new ways to blow
Got lawn to mow, feels way to slow
I got the rico hat, yeah
Playin’ ball in the back, ay
Cruise in a Cadillac, yeah
And no its not matte black, ay
Venture in the woods
No need for books
Chillin’ by the brook
Singin’ new hooks
We skip rocks across the stream
And we buy a lotta snacks wit our cream
We famous rap stars in our dreams
We ridin’ bikes on the farmers crops
In the woods this guy called the cops
And we always watch out for our opps
And we would chase after this baby fox
Summertime beat, summertime flow
Pack up the dough, and head to the sto
New ways to grow, new ways to blow
Got lawn to mow, feels way to slow



...
Ey my name is Joffrey
I do not drink coffee
Eh-eh
I jump out my white van
With mursten in my hand
And I build you a house
Big time
Dear ones we are looking to bring you enlightenment
To offer illumination in stormy skies
We are here as beings of light
Benevolent, invested in humanity and her evolution


‪Alien, magical, flyin', and all‬
‪Being, I got her signed on‬
‪Beam me up, I'm 'bout to sign off‬
‪Dumber now, need to take time off‬
‪Dumber now, I don't believe the time‬
‪Should have gone, man, I believe they lyin' (Get a mic)‬
‪Sign, do you believe in science?‬
‪Bigger sign, bet they gon' bleed now‬
‪Aliens, double to sign off‬
‪Better time, 'bout to take time off‬
‪I don't believe in time, I just believe in science‬
‪Order a bleeding nine, tell her, "Don't leave tonight"‬





Yeah, you bright diamond shining
Diamond in the mine with all the shining ore
I'ma lose my pick in it
Crazy, that iron pickaxe gonna break
Get the mine, in the cave
Get the diamond not the stone
Mine it out, mine it out
Diamond good, go and mine it out
Pick it up, I'ma pick it up
Make a mine, I done found diamonds
Shiny thing, make that diamond sing
One more time, make me mine some more
If I die, I'm gonna cry
Yeah, you bright diamond shining
Diamond in the mine with all the shining ore
I'ma lose my pick in it
Crazy, that iron pickaxe gonna break
Get the mine, in the cave
Get the diamond not the stone
There's gonna be some zombie pigmen
I could have soul sand and glowstone
And so might want me some netherrack or warts
I call that taking some TNT
Find yourself up in the ender
You might have to enjoy a dragon
All these sheep in my carrot farm
Almost what killed my pet wolf
If you don't like wolves or ocelots
Guaranteed that Steve gonna grief you (ay)
Emeralds are wanted by villagers
On wheat thats basic
That's some gay stuff
Right now let's mine what we want
Let's go on creative, diamonds everywhere
I love diamond blocks cause they makes a lot of diamonds easy to stack
Yeah, you bright diamond shining
Diamond in the mine with all the shining ore
I'ma lose my pick in it
Crazy, that iron pickaxe gonna break
Get the mine, in the cave
Get the diamond not the stone
Get diamond not the stone
Let me mine it raw to get the outcome
Ay, None of us would be here without Notch
Ay, If it ain't all about the diamond
Ay, ay Let me see you go ahead and see you mine some
Ay, If you mining down you hit lava
Hm, mhm If i see you pull up with the creeper
Ay, ay I'ma mess around and make you my slave
Yeah, you bright diamond shining
Diamond in the mine with all the shining ore
I'ma lose my pick in it
Crazy, that iron pickaxe gonna break
Get the mine, in the cave
Get the diamond not the stone
?




Ah, ah, ah, yo, I'm tryna catch the beat
Haha, haha, I wanna catch the beat
Haha, haha, I wanna catch the beat
Now, now, now, now, throw your muthafuckin' hands
Get 'em high, ah, say what, say what, come on
All the girls pass the weed to your motherfuckin' man
Get 'em high, let me see them hands up high
Now I ain't never tell you to put down your hands
Keep 'em high, get 'em high, get 'em high
And if you're losin' your high then smoke again
Keep 'em high
Ah, now now now now\
Get 'em high like noon or the moon
Or a room filled with smoke, a hype-filled with dope
Y'all assumed I was doomed, out of tune
I still filled the notes with real nigga quotes
Real rappers is hard to find, like a remote
Control rap is out of
Used to, but still got love
That's why I abuse you who are not thugs
Rock clubs, it's like Tiger Woods in the hood
Should have my own reality show, called Soul Survivor
I stole on live-er niggas than you
You's a bitch, I got ones that are thicker than you
How could I ever let your words affect me?
They say hip-hop is dead, I'm here to resurrect
R-r-r-r-resurrect, r-r-r-r-resurrect
I'm here to r-r-r-r-resurrect me
R-r-r-r-r-r-r-r-r-r-r-resurrect
R-r-r-r-r-r-r-r-r-r-r-resurrect
R-r-r-r-r-r-r-r-r-r-r-resurrect me
R-r-r-r-r-r-r-r-r-r-r-resurrect
I always knew the grind, I never had to brag when they saw me doing fine, cause I don’t like to boast but, I might be close to my dreams that I see where all we do is rhyme, but y’all be too inclined so I’m raising the stakes, maybe going line for line when I’m facing the greats, I’m who I wanna be cause I made some mistakes, all you rappers are wannabe Wayne Jay Z and Drake’s pick the pace up, you feel it in your face when the bass pump, rewrite history, they can never erase us, I may just, risk it all it’s obviously dangerous, I know that I’m the go to person who they trust in one take, I get it done great on the first try, it’s like a untamed gun range when the words fly, you want some good advice here’s a trigger pull it twice you rappers looking like chump change when I swerve by, pump fake, then crossover bitch I’m like A.I, I’m looking birds eye view told you I stay fly, I put my soul in this but my name isn’t De La, I know they all bluffing it’s no wonder why they lie, gave my all in it I’m evolving like Kdot, promise I can’t drop, it’s a bomb when the flame drop, stay locked in like I️ forgot where the keys are, I’ll never depart going hard every three bars, I drive a mean car now they all wanna be Mar$, I️ know I️ dropped out but I️ still got my street smarts, retards we will never be in the same class, these bars are my ring of fire like J cash or a grenade flash propane in my brain mass swear ima make stacks till I’m driving a Maybach, it’s time to face facts now I’m taking your lane fast, my flow so wavy now I’m making a great splash, writing fire tracks, I inspire that, fighters type of mentality you biters all try to jack, now i attack every line facts and acquire stacks, so turn the amplifier up higher the choirs back, entire rap verses synchronize like a symphony, my rhyming has purpose spitting wise like epiphanies, I’m killing mad serpents that i found in the grass lurking, my lines are past perfect this is why ima real emcee, bring out the black hearses killed the game it’s a funeral, I know the worlds ugly but I’m making it beautiful, don’t let em’ try to change you stay indisputable always try to be yourself that’s one thing I want you to know
Это булева переменная, йоу, булева
Все мы любим ебать бурундуков
Все мы любим когда нет на руках оков
Когда можно читать реп на диктофон легко
Вот такая любовь, е
Вот такая любовь
(Ага, детка)
Я как полиглот
Меня научил стилю репер поролон
Продаю обои по рулону
А в них чье-то лоно
Вот такая любовь
(Вот такая любовь, слышишь)
Вот такая любовь
(Ага, детка)
Булева здесь, это полный пиздец
Лучи любви разлетаются как пыльная взвесь
(Все варианты)
Все варианты взвесив, я даю право называть себя эмси
Каждому, кто прямо сейчас благодушен и весел
(Детка)
Все мы любим ебать бурундуков
Когда нет на руках оков
Когда можно читать реп на диктофон легко
Вот такая любовь, ага
Вот такая любовь
(Ага, детка)
Я как полиглот
Меня учил стилю репер поролон
Продаю обои по рулону
А там внутри чье-то лоно
Вот такая любовь
(Ага, honey)
И снова вот такая любовь
(Ага, детка)
I'm so appalled, Spalding ball
Balding Donald Trump taking dollars from y'all
Baby, you're fired, your girlfriend hired
But if you don't mind, I'ma keep you on call
We above the law, we don't give a fuck 'bout y'all
I got dogs that'll chew a fucking hole through the wall
But since they all lovers, I need more rubbers
And if I don't use rubbers, need more covers
Housekeeping, I mean goddamn
One time let it be a bad bitch sweeping
That know we get O's like Cheerios
That know because they seen us in the videos
That know the day that you play me
Would be the same day MTV play videos
That was a little joke, voila
Praises due to the most high, Allah
Praises due to the most fly, Prada
Baby, I'm magic, tada
Address me as your highness, high as United
30,000 feet up and you are not invited
Niggas be writing bullshit like they gotta work
Niggas is going through real shit, man, they out of work
That's why another goddamn dance track gotta hurt
That's why I'd rather spit something that got a purp'
Champagne wishes, thirty white bitches
I mean this shit is fucking ridiculous
Fucking ridiculous, I mean this shit is fucking ridiculous
**Five star dishes, different exotic fishes
Man, this shit is fucking ridiculous
Fucking ridiculous**

Champagne wishes, thirty white bitches
I mean this shit is fucking ridiculous
Fucking ridiculous, I mean this shit is fucking ridiculous
Five star dishes, different exotic fishes (yeah)
Man, this shit is fucking ridiculous (CyHi)
Fucking ridiculous
Yeah

Champagne wishes, thirty white bitches
I mean this shit is fucking ridiculous
Fucking ridiculous, I mean this shit is fucking ridiculous
Cars for the missus and furs for the mistress
You know that shit is fucking ridiculous
Fucking ridiculous, you know this shit is fucking ridiculous


Uh, uh, uh
Uh, uh, uh
Uh, uh, uh
Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh
Uh, uh, uh
Uh, uh, uh
Uh, uh, uh
Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh

Put a stack on it, huh, put a MAC on it, huh
In the black on it, huh, bullet tracks on it, huh
And I'm black on ‘em, huh, and we back on ‘em, huh
On a map on ‘em, huh, got a stack on ‘em, oh
Hunnid thou’ on it, huh, hunnid stacks on it, huh
Hunnid been-backs on it, huh, to the max on it, huh
Dealin’ facts on it, huh, now my facts on it, huh
On the dacts on it, huh, all the facts on it, huh

The world is up for seizin', there's somethin' for a reason
They just talk, don’t read it, I lead on some, nah, don’t lead it
More or so, what you leave with? I got somethin' for you to leave with
What they tell 'em, don't believe it
Tell me what you believe in, tell me what you believe in
Grand Theft Auto, Grand Theft Auto, we in a game, we in a game
Grand Theft Auto, Grand Theft Auto, we all the same, we all the same
Money ain't real, time ain't real, money ain't real, time ain't real
Money ain't real, time ain't real, guess to what, you never get killed


Recording where ye did Otis
Jay had the car flaming
Hopped up in Kanye's car
Told him I'm not playing
Gave me like five stars
Suped up like Super Saiyan
Now I'm live from the Mercer
It's everything I've been praying
Love is five languages
All in one like Malaysian
China, my eyes squinting
Hawaiian, and maybe Asian
Peruvian or Rubigen
Brand new as a Brand Nubian
All gets to my head
Cause nobody really knew me then
New to this but true at this
That's why I'm still pursuing this
Manifest my destiny
Past the devil's intrusiveness
Dropping out of college
My papers still look so studious
I was inside the studio
One sec to know I rule at this

Grand Theft Auto, Grand Theft Auto, we in a game, we in a game
Grand Theft Auto, Grand Theft Auto, we all the same, we all the same
Money ain't real, time ain't real, money ain't real, time ain't real
Money ain't real, time ain't real, guess to what, you never get killed


Man, I promise, she's so self-conscious
She has no idea what she doin' in college
That major that she majored in don't make no money
But she won't drop out, her parents'll look at her funny
Now, tell me that ain't insecurr
The concept of school seems so securr
Sophomore, three yurrs, ain't picked a carurr
She like, "Fuck it, I'll just stay down hurr and do hair."
‘Cause that's enough money to buy her a few pairs
Of new Airs, ‘cause her baby daddy don't really care
She's so precious with the peer pressure
Couldn't afford a car, so she named her daughter Alexis
She had hair so long that it looked like weave
Then she cut it all off, now she look like Eve
And she be dealin' with some issues that you can't believe
Single black female addicted to retailers, and well

Man, I promise, I'm so self-conscious
That's why you always see me with at least one of my watches
Rollie's and Pasha's done drove me crazy
I can't even pronounce nothin', pass that Ver-say-see!
Then I spent four hundred bucks on this
Just to be like, "Nigga, you ain't up on this."
And I can't even go to the grocery store
Without some Ones that's clean and a shirt with a team
It seem we livin' the American Dream
But the people highest up got the lowest self-esteem
The prettiest people do the ugliest things
For the road to riches and diamond rings
We shine because they hate us, floss 'cause they degrade us
We tryna buy back our 40 acres
And for that paper, look how low we'll stoop
Even if you in a Benz, you still a nigga in a coupe

I say, "Fuck the police," that's how I treat 'em
We buy our way out of jail, but we can't buy freedom
We'll buy a lot of clothes, but we don't really need 'em
Things we buy to cover up what's inside
'Cause they made us hate ourself and love they wealth
That's why shorty's hollerin', "Where the ballers at?"
Drug dealer buy Jordan, crackhead buy crack
And the white man get paid off of all of that
But I ain't even gon' act holier than thou
'Cause fuck it, I went to Jacob with 25 thou
Before I had a house and I'd do it again
‘Cause I wanna be on 106 & Park, pushin' a Benz
I want to act ballerific like it's all terrific
I got a couple past-due bills, I won't get specific
I got a problem with spendin' before I get it
We all self-conscious, I'm just the first to admit it

Ah Ah
Ah Ah
Ah Ah
Ah Ah
No homo bitch
I'm a bird (Brr Brr)
Yea bitch (Brr Brr)
I'm a bird (Brr Brr)

No homo bitch
I'm a bird (Brr Brr)
Yea bitch (Brr Brr)
I'm a bird (Brr Brr)



I know these niggas fake, they gon' hate anyway, fuck 'em 'till they menstruate
Spit like Little Wayne mixed with a bit of Jay but I'm no protégé
"You crazy for this Sway" that's what Hova Say
But I'm the GOAT today, wrappin' like a Cobra snake, yeah
(oooooh, what y'all gon do to Vic Mensa, I know there's a lot of battling going on right now but what y'all gonna do about Vic Mensa)
And the flow fluctuate like Oprah's wight, the flow fluctuate like Opras, wait
You know how we was rockin' like Hoobastank, I was GDK
I didn't go the Larry Hoover way
Gentrfy the game, make these niggas move away
Now there's a Starbucks where you used to stay
Stupid paid, I'm stupid paid, that's all these stpuid niggas say, they sound stupid Sway
Niggas needin' to cap more in they rap less
You ain't got next, you just the nigga with the fat neck!

Closed on Sunday, you my Chick-fil-A
Closed on Sunday, you my Chick-fil-A
Hold the selfies, put the 'Gram away
Get your family, y'all hold hands and pray
When you got daughters, always keep 'em safe
Watch out for vipers, don't let them indoctrinate
Closed on Sunday, you my Chick-fil-A
You're my number one, with the lemonade
Raise our sons, train them in the faith
Through temptations, make sure they're wide awake
Follow Jesus, listen and obey
No more livin' for the culture, we nobody's slave
Stand up for my home
Even if I take this walk alone
I bow down to the King upon the throne
My life is His, I'm no longer my own
I pray to God that He'll strengthen my hand
They will think twice steppin' onto my land
I draw the line, it's written in the sand
Try me and you will see that I ain't playin'
Now, back up off my family, move your hands
I got my weapons in the spirit's land
I, Jezebel don't even stand a chance
Jezebel don't even stand a chance
Chick-fil-A









Let's go Den Haag

(Go) She was a bad uh
The type at the club brothas would grab her
(Go) Fantasized when I had her
In the bathroom sweatin' with her ass up
(Go) The body of a dancer
We had chemistry 'cause she was a Cancer
Thought forever it would last for
But forever move faster, so I had to
(Go) I gotta pause
When I think about her in them drawers
(Go) And uh, ooh baby she liked it raw and
Like rain when she came it poured
(Go) And like a car that I can't afford
I would want it then want some more
The positions our frames explored let me know
She was secure, back for more I wanna

(Go) Freaky like the daughter of a pastor
Said I was bait for her to master
(Go) Little red corvette, nah, she was faster
Wet dreams la Mer cream the bathroom
(Go) We make love and then laughter
And any way I wanted I could have her
Said there were some girls that did attract her
A new chapter she was after so I said let's
(Go) To a place that you wanna be, uh
Get what you want from her and me, uh
(Go) Free love I wanna see, uh
Hot sex in the third degree, uh
(Go) You gettin' served while servin' me, uh
Dirty words encourage me to
Rock steady and sturdily on
You're turnin' me, no turnin' back, yo, the further we

Okradłem Jezusa z wszystkich bożych darów
Nie będziesz się wykłócał, to będziesz miał zakaz przeklinania 3 dni
Będziesz dalej się wykłócał, będzie 4 5 6
Potem cały tydzień, dłużej nie wytrzymasz
Okradłem Jezusa z jego bożych darów
Będziesz dalej się wykłócał, będziesz miał zakaz przeklinania 3 dni
Potem 4 5 6
No i cały tydzień, bo dłużej nie wytrzymasz
Ja wiem, może wam to przeszkadza, mi nie
Wiem, że się to powtarza, ale ja niewiem
Bo dopiero muszę to zmontować, potem się dowiem
Czy się wam spodoba, niewiem może
Pierwsza płyta będzie może w grudniu, albo niewiem
Raczej nie bo to za długo
Okradłem Jezusa z jego bożych darów
Dalej będziesz się wykłócał
Będziesz miał zakaz przeklinania 3 dni
Potem tylko 4 5 6
No i cały tydzień, bo dłużej nie wytrzymasz
Okradłem Jezusa z jego bożych darów
Będziesz dalej się wykłócał
Będziesz miał zakaz przeklinania 3 dni
Potem tylko 4 5 6
No u cały tydzień, bo dłużej nie wytrzymasz ziomek
DAJ 5 ZŁOTYCH
She walk into the court her knees buckle
Saying for a man to survive he needn't hustle
Seen and been through struggle her whole life
Made a transition from being his ho to his wife
Stifling, the night upend the ATF bust in
Her daddy was a hustla, so she love them
Looked at the jury, how can they judge him, she screamed
(Before you lock my love away) Put your hands in the air
(Before you lock my love away) Yeah, you say
(Before you lock my love away) Yeah, it go
(Before you lock my love away)
(Please let me testify)
Fear in her chest her face in tears
Had her man's back he was facing years
In her name, though the place was his
They tryna take everything except the kids
For years she been through stumbling fights
He tryna hustle that white
Up all night wondering if he's alive
Seeing him tried, she bubbled inside and screamed
(Before you lock my love away) Put your hands up
(Before you lock my love away) Keep your hands up
(Before you lock my love away) And the people say
(Before you lock my love away)
(Please let me testify)
The judge yelled for order
Court reporter making her words shorter
His lawyer sat next to him
She could see how the trial was affecting him
It hurt for her eyes to connect with him
Using her lies for protecting him
They arrested him for murder and gun possession
As they read back her confessions, she screamed
(Before you lock my love away) Everybody say
(Before you lock my love away) Put your hands up
(Before you lock my love away) Sing it with us y'all
(Before you lock my love away)
(Please let me testify)
The court awaited as the foreman got the verdict from the bailiff
Emotional outbursts, tears and smeared makeup
He stated, he was guilty on all charges
She's shaking looking like she took it the hardest
A spin artist, she brought her face up laughing
That's when the prosecutor realized what happened
All that speaking her mind, testifying and crying
When this bitch did the crime, the queenpin
(Before you lock my love away) Everybody say
(Before you lock my love away) Put your hands up
(Before you lock my love away) All the ladies say
(Before you lock my love away)
Guilty...next case
Eyes on the prize, with the prize on the side
Arise out of nowhere, like “surprise!!”
And now I find out that I’m despised
This man ready try to diss me... ha
I ain’t even gonna bother with making a beat
It’s game over for you now
Aight, let’s go
You could call me insecure, see me crawlin’ on all fours
Like a quad, deca-stars, while your music make me snore
Technically bored me to death, Christ sake
Token said there was a curfew, Luis stayin’ late
To meet his girlfriend on a date
Which he says I can’t relate
But at least I ain’t so lonely to date the same girl half of eight
Times, and he think he superior to me, well maybe that’s a great lie
But he’s had exactly one other chick
And he tells me that I’ll only ever be with tricks
But every single time, our friend Luis, got dumped in the end, like rupees
I’m taking this victory, and you will act bitterly, cuz you still can’t be any more niggardly
Does that hurt you in the gut, like your balls getting kicked?
I can rise to the top, with the flames I inflict, while you’ll only ever drop, and you’ll keep getting nicked
Nah for real, though, this ain’t no “Hit ‘Em Up” situation, I ain’t wanna hurt anyone...
Just gotta put you in your place, you know?
Man, if you diss, you, you know I gotta respond, and you know I gotta respond and hard as I can...
And so, that’s why I made this...
Chasing the game, losing the fame
Til one day, no one even remembers the name
Npm36, man I’m so sick of this
I think that I should demolish you quick like Krizz
Kaliko, so now we go, down the hole, it’s a breeze
Killing you, willing to, trill, and yea, dummy, please
Refrain, don’t be insane, all of your work full of disdain
As I remain, inflicting pain
Then I regain, cells lost from brain
Because I’ve heard your diss against me
And I just hope you can see
I don’t know what you take me for
But I’m not some random pansy
You say I can’t rap, but you know that’s cap
You spittin’ crap, you call it trap
I call it trash, it’s not a smash
Hit, like high intensitivty training
The reason my flows be banging
Like a slang for intercourse, dang, man
Tie your career in a noose, and now when you ask it what it’s doing?
It’s just hanging
I don’t even know what to say for this last chorus/break, uh, I just, uh, wanna... reiterate that, if you mess with me...
Mess with the bull, you get the horns...
And these horns are not dull
Aight let’s go
Last verse, yeah
Don’t even get me started on if you’re even able to flow
The answer’s no, like the opposite of the band that made “Roundabout”
You think you’re a hero like brine, then find you’re nothing but sauerkraut
Though you had me down but it’s about time for the turnaround
You getting sonned like this was
Earthbound, with all the motherly behavior
I’m killing your career early so it doesnt take off and ruin you, so you call me the savior
I’m hiding you’re mistake until you perceive all your failures
If life was a simulation, you still wouldn’t be a player
You dissed me, then you praised me on the same song, your rap style’s broken
But whatever, I’m out, see you around, Colson
Private ownership of the earth and its resources is the one area where Libertarians depart from their own philosophy. After all, their justification of property is in the right of individuals to the fruits of their labor. Because the earth is not a labor product, land value is not the fruit of its owner's labor. Indeed, all land titles are state-granted privileges, and Libertarians deny the right of the state to grant privileges
Even here, Libertarians are on solid ground when they argue that freedom could not survive in a society where land tenure depended on bureaucratic discretion. They are split, however, over devices like land value taxation that would, with a minimum of bureaucracy, put the landless in a more tenable position with respect to land monopolists. Just as liberals dominate the National Greens, conservatives dominate the Libertarian position on this issue, though many Libertarians, including Karl Hess, former editor of the Libertarian Times, do not share that conservative position
Again, this is a key issue for reconciliation. The Green tradition cannot be reconciled with pseudo-libertarian claims that a subset of the people can claim unlimited title to the planet
The Magic of Honest Compromise
Compromise is too often a process whereby people on each side give up what they know to be right in order to gain a supposed advantage for their interest group. What I am proposing is that each side give up supposed advantages in order to harmonize with what is right. It takes an open mind and a great deal of courage, but the results can be magnificent
If the Libertarians accept that ownership of land is a privilege, and agree to pay a fair rent (or land value tax) for that privilege, they will hold the key to getting rid of property (building) tax, income tax, sales tax, amusement tax, and a host of other taxes. Furthermore, statistical evidence indicates that land value tax promotes compact, harmonious use of land and eliminates a root cause of poverty. In this case, adopting land tax can reduce the need for zoning and protection of rural land, and for housing projects, welfare, and a host of bureaucratic services for the poor
Greens who study this issue will find that small and simple combination taxes that are essentially payments for exclusive access to common resources will address most of thier interests without complicated and intrusive bureaucracies. Land tax itself will eliminate land speculation and land monopoly, and will promote orderly development of land in cities and towns, taking developmental pressure off suburban and rural land
Severence taxes on our common heritage of non-renewable resources can even-handedly reduce the rate of exploitation of these resources, conserving them for future generations
Finally, taxes on pollution are really payments for exclusive use of our common rights to clean air and water. It reflects that the air and water is less valuable to the rest of us when it is polluted, and those who pollute literally owe us for the right to tresspass on our air and water
Of course land monopoly will not solve all the problems by itself, but it is the key area where Greens and Libertarians are separated from each other as well as from thier own principles. Once this is reconciled, we can more readily work together on other issues where we are in agreement, such as liberating our monitary system the banking monopoly, ending military domination of foreign peoples, and ending government interference against people who commit victumless "crimes."
Go to geolibertarian home page


Everybody wanna know why
We World Record Holders plus
Girls get naked for us 'cause
They heard we the coldest
Everybody wanna know why
We World Record Holders plus
Girls get naked for us 'cause
They heard we the coldest
I done did tracks for the best of them
I even did joints for the rest of them
And the way that Kanye finna murder this here
I heard they talk about arrestin' him
And then in less than a
Heart beat I make the chart heat
Up
Please don't start me up to
Get to know how I be spitting on tracks to make these stacks I'm sitting on
When I rain on thugs, bring the pain on studs
Did your brain (P-P-Pow) is your brain on slugs?
Cocking it back spitting it to lay you niggas down
See that's why I told you you don't want to play around
Dog, I'm sincere, ain't no wins here
Just guns, black gloves and black rims here
Next year? Man, you'll see me
In a culled out all black Lamborghini
Everybody wanna know why
We World Record Holders plus
Girls get naked for us 'cause
They heard we the coldest
Everybody wanna know why
We World Record Holders plus
Girls get naked for us 'cause
They heard we the coldest

Everybody wanna know why
We World Record Holders plus
Girls get naked for us 'cause
They heard we the coldest
Everybody wanna know why
We World Record Holders plus
Girls get naked for us 'cause
They heard we the coldest
Ronny J, please turn me up
Ask 'em who I live on, way on somethin'
Take some, rain, nonstop, rain don't want war
Rain come, rain come
Come shine, come rain, come up
Southside, let it bang
Outside, let it rain
Rain down on a pain
Rain down on the slain
Rain down on my mom
Rain down on the farm
Flower us with your love
Wash us in the blood
High stomp for the thugs
I done spent it in the mud
Grew up life tryna love
And, uh, all my friends thugs
And that all my phones buzz
Everybody tryna thug
One up in the club
No choice to sell drugs
No choice, locked up
No choice, locked up
Rain down on us
Rain down on us
Shower down on us
Wash us in the blood
Wash us in the blood
Whole life bein' thugs
No choice, sellin' drugs
Southside, what it does?
Rain down on us
Genocide what it does
Slavery what it does
Rain down on us
Whole life sellin' drugs
Wash us in the blood
Wash us in Your blood
Wash us in the blood
Wash us in the blood
Wash us in the blood
Holy Spirit, come down
Holy Spirit, come down
Holy Spirit, help now
Holy Spirit, help now
Holy Spirit, come down
Holy Spirit, come down
Holy Spirit, help now
Holy Spirit, help now
Wash us in the blood
Whole life bein' thugs
No choice, sellin' drugs
Genocide what it does
Mass incarc's what it does
Masses' carc' what it does
'Nother life bein' lost
Someone pop it from the cause
Execution, thirty states
Thirty states still execute
Thou shall not kill, thou shall not spill, blood in 'em with the residue
Lock you up in the federal
Take God out to better schools
Now look what we headed to
Now look what we headed to
Rain down on us
Rain down on us
Wash us in the blood
Wash us in the blood
Holy Spirit, come down
Holy Spirit, come down
And they tryna control Ye
They want me to calm down
They don't want me to Kanye
They don't want Kanye to be Kanye
They wanna sign a fake Kanye
They tryna sign a calm Ye
That's right, I call 'em Calm-Ye
But don't take me the wrong way
'Cause God took me a long way
Everything you see is all me
They wanna edit the interviews
They wanna take it to interludes
Cut a whole sentence to interlude
You know that it's fake if it's in the news
So I let it fly when I'm in the booth
The devil a liar and I been the truth
Livin' 'cause nobody livin'
And nobody gettin' it, doin' it different
Rain down on us
Holy Spirit, come down
Holy Spirit, come down
We need You now
Wash us in the blood
Whole life bein' thugs
No choice, sellin' drugs
Genocide what it does
Slavery what it does



I'm living in that 21st Century, doing something mean to it
Do it better than anybody you ever seen do it
Screams from the haters, got a nice ring to it


God!
God!
God!
God!
God!
God!
God!
God!
God!
God!
God!
(Faithful to the end) Yeah, we got to be
(Faithful to the end) Clap your hands y'all, I wanna be
(Faithful to the end)
(I'd like to be her very best friend)
Clap your hands, uh, yeah
I wrote this song called "Faithful"
And what it's about, it's about being faithful to the most high God
Creator of all things
See, a lot of people ask me about who God is
You know, all I know is God created the Heavens and the earth
And there's only one God
So, I wrote this song thinking about, 'What if God was a woman?
How would it be? How would we react? How would I react?'
And this is my commitment and my letter to God
And I want y'all to check it out and just listen
Uh, and just clap your hands and listen, check it
I was rollin' around, in my mind it occurred
What if God was a her?
Would I treat her the same? Would I still be runnin' game on her?
In what type of ways would I want her?
Would I want her for her mind or her heavenly body?
Couldn't be out gettin' bogus with someone so godly
If I was wit' her would I still be wantin' my ex?
The lies, the greed, the weed, the sex
Wouldn't be ashamed to give her part of my check
Wearin' her cross, I mean the heart on my neck
Her, I would reflect on the streets of the Chi'
Ride wit' her, 'cause I know for me she'd die
Through good and bad call on her like I'm chirpin' her
Couldn't be jealous, other brothers worship her
Walk this earth for her, glory, I'm grateful
To be in her presence, yo, I gotta stay...
(Faithful to the end) Clap your hands y'all, huh
(Faithful to the end) Yeah, yo, we got to be
(Faithful to the end) We stay faithful y'all, yes
(I'd like to be her very best friend) God bless
Yo, let me tell y'all this story
He worked with her, she was his lady's best friend
Even if they don't try, ladies test men
This was a test that was bigger than him
Some believe it's the nature that is given to men
Had a good gig, a wife, a kid, a decent home
One reason or another couldn't find peace at home
She asked, "Why do men always have to stray?"
He said, "I'm bad, not as bad as Eric Benet"
"I used to take 'em out to eat, they weren't really eatin'
Mighta got a little head but I wasn't really cheatin'"
It's hard when your lady don't believe what you say
What you did in the past you live with today
She asked if they could spend the night together
He thought, and said, "I'm tryin' to get my life together"
Went home to his lady, these were his confessions
"Baby, you a blessin' and my best friend"
We gotta stay...
(Faithful to the end) Go and clap your hands y'all, we got to be
(Faithful to the end) Ah, I wanna stay
(Faithful to the end) Yes, God bless
(I'd like to be her very best friend) Yeah

La, la, la la Wait 'til I get my money right La, la, la la Then you can't tell me nothing, right? Excuse me, was you saying something? Uh uh, you can't
Tell me nothing You can't tell me nothing Uh uh, you can't tell me nothing

La, la, la la Wait 'til I get my money right La, la, la la Then you can't tell me nothing, right? Excuse me, was you saying something? Uh uh, you can't
Tell me nothing You can't tell me nothing Uh uh, you can't tell me nothing

La, la, la la Wait 'til I get my money right La, la, la la Then you can't tell me nothing, right? Excuse me, was you saying something? Uh uh, you can't
Tell me nothing You can't tell me nothing Uh uh, you can't tell me nothing

This honor is going to make your lives easier, for two reasons: You don’t have to defend me as much! And I’m going to make all of our lives easier. It is these Floyd Mayweather belts that are needed to prove what I have been saying my entire life – whether it was the sign of Paul McCartney grabbing me and saying, 'It's OK, he doesn't bite,' or the New York Times cover, or the Time (magazine) most-influential cover. And now a doctorate at the School of the Art institute of Chicago
When I was giving a lecture at Oxford, I brought up this school, because when I went on a mission to create in other spaces – apparel, film, performance – it would have been easier to have just said I had a degree at the Art Institute of Chicago! Thank you
Questions from the crowd:
Can I give you a hug? When are you going to open a school? What does Chicago mean to you? Can we hang out later? Do you wanna build a snowman?
I say I wanna build a snowman because I want Bob Iger, the head of Disney, to invest in my ideas. Not one idea, not a good idea, or even a bad idea — a series of them. But just in my ideas...I feel Disney should have an art fund that completely supports all of the artists and...I feel there should be a responsibility
... never be together
She say, "Why?"
I said, "Bitch..."
Hashtag bitch
We can't feel nothin'
It's just anyone day
Take some, rain, nonstop, rain don't want war
Rain come, rain come
Come shine, come rain, come up
Southside, let it bang
Outside, let it rain
Rain down on a pain
Rain down on the slain
Rain down on my mom
Rain down on the farm
Shower us with your love
Wash us in the blood
Have some for the thugs
I done spend it in the mud
Grew up life tryna thug
And now all my friends thugs
And now all my phones buzz
Everybody love drugs
One off from the club
No choice to sell drugs
No choice locked up
No choice locked up
Rain down on us
Rain down on us
Shower down on us
Wash us in the blood
Wash us in the blood
Whole life being thugs
No choice selling drugs
Southside, what it does
Rain down on us
Genocide, what it does
Slavery, what it does
Rain down on us
Whole life selling drugs
Wash us in the blood
Wash us in your blood
Wash us in the blood
Wash us in the blood
Wash us in the blood
Holy Spirit come down
Holy Spirit come down
Holy Spirit help now
Holy Spirit help now
Holy Spirit come down
Holy Spirit come down
Holy Spirit help now
Holy Spirit help now
Wash us in the blood
Whole life being thugs
No choice selling drugs
Genocide, what it does
Mass incarc' what It does
Mask and scarf what it does
Another life being lost
Someone pop it from the cough
Execution thirty states
Thirty states still execute
Thou shall not kill, thou shall not spill
Blood and all, what's the rest they do
Lock you up in the federal
Take God out the middle schools
Now look where we headed to
Now look where we headed to
Rain down on us
Rain down on us
Wash us in the blood
Wash us in the blood
Holy Spirit come down
Holy Spirit come down
And they tryna control Ye
They want me to calm down
They don't want me to Kanye
They don't want Kanye to be Kanye
They wanna sign a fake Kanye
They wanna sign a Calm-Ye
That's right I call him Calm-Ye
But don't take me the wrong way
Cause God took me a long way
Everything you seeing on me
They wanna edit the interviews
They wanna take it to interludes
Cut a whole sentence to interlude
You know that it's fake if it's in the news
So I let it fly when I'm in the booth
The devil a liar and I been the truth
Living cause nobody living
And nobody getting it, doing it different
Rain down on us
Holy Spirit, come down
Holy Spirit, come down
We need You now
Wash us in the blood
Whole life being thugs
No choice selling drugs
Genocide, what it does
Slavery, what it does
N-Now that don't
N-Now that don’t
N-Now that don't
(Do it)
(Make it)
(Work it)
(Faster, stronger)
(Do it)
(Make it)
(Work it)
(Harder, better, stronger)
(Do it)
(Make it)
(Work it)
(Faster, stronger)
(Do it)
(Make it)
(Work it)
(Harder, better, stronger)
(Oh!)
(Make it)
(Oh!)
(Faster, stronger)
(Oh!)
(Make it)
(Oh!)
(Harder, better, stronger)
Uh-uh-uh-uh
I'm trippin’, I'm caught up in the moment, right?
So go ahead, go nuts, go apeshit!
Go ahead, go nuts, go apeshit!
So go ahead, go nuts, go apeshit!
Go ahead, go ahead, go apeshit!
So go ahead, go nuts, go apeshit!
Go ahead, go nuts, go apeshit!
So go ahead, go nuts, go apeshit!
Go ahead, go ahead, go apeshit!
(Do it)
(Make it)
(Work it)
(Faster, stronger)
(Do it)
(Make it)
(Work it)
(Harder, better, stronger)
N-now th-that that don't kill me
Can only make us stronger
I need you to hurry up now
‘Cause I can't wait much longer
I know I got to be right now
‘Cause I can't get much wronger
Man, I've been waiting all night now
That's how long I been on ya
N-now th-that that don't kill me
Can only make us stronger
I need you to hurry up now
‘Cause I can't wait much longer
I know I got to be right now
‘Cause I can't get much wronger
Man, I've been waiting all night now
That's how long I been on ya
You know how long I've been on ya
Since Prince was on Apollonia
Since O.J. had Isotoners
Don't act like I never told ya
You know how long I've been on ya
Since Prince was on Apollonia
Since O.J. had Isotoners
Don't act like I never told ya
Told ya told ya told ya told ya
Told ya told ya told ya told ya
Told told told told told told told told told told told told told told told told…
Me likey
(I need you right now!)
(I need you right now!)
(I need you right now!)
(I need you right now!)
(I need you right now!)
(I need you right now!)
(I need you right now!)
(I need you right now!)
(Do it)
(Make it)
(Work it)
(Faster, stronger)
(Do it)
(Make it)
(Work it)
(Harder, better, stronger)
(Do it)
(Make it)
(Work it)
(Faster, stronger)
(Do it)
(Make it)
(Work it)
(Harder, better, stronger)
.i walk into the taco bell
.and i smell the taco smell
.i ask te guy
"give me that taco mail"
.he like ok
.he hand me an envelope made out of taco material
.i open it
.smash bothers invitation
.oh yeah
.oh yeah
.oh yeah
.i walk into the taco bell
.i got the taco mail
.i see travis scott
.i like ""letter say: i can bring one extra man to smash bro"
.will you come to the game with me
.travis was like "yeah"
.i was like "yeah"
*sfx: record scratches*
*sfx: boing boing boing boing*
*sfx: toad mario kart*
*sfx: splooge noise (3 times really fast)*
.yuh
.im fighting mario
.next im going to fight lucario
.fire balls
Excuse me nigga
Please do not abuse me nigga
The trouble in this life is so confusing nigga
Tryna brush it off but it seems like it ain’t workin
Thirteen raised in Texas rapping like I’m nervous
You be clowning around like it’s a motherfucking circus
And if I can get more hoes than you than you a mother loving virgin
All my life I was obsessed with hip hop
But I be in the box
Floating down the river like I be hustlin’
Like that song from Rick Ross
So you can kick rocks
I got your girl sucking my cock
Man I be kickin’ it with all of the thots
R.I.P to Biggie R.I.P to 2Pac
R.I.P to X why did he have to get shot
I think I’m so crazy
I think I’m so crazy
I’m crying like a baby
Lord come and save me
I think I’m so crazy
I think I’m so crazy
I’m crying like a baby
Lord come and save me
Chapter 2
Who are you
Only music I can do
Seems like everything is red
Seems like everything is blue
We can go up to the party let’s go kick it with the dudes
I’m a lion your a cheetah we be chilling in the zoo
Right now I am so high
I am so high I am higher than the sky
Think you can kill me but you better not try
Ima be honest I will never tell a lie
Different things in the past now it’s gone
I can never relax cause I’m hot
Can you see me in the dash or in the stars
I am still high I just took a trip to Mars
Last time I saw you you was meeting with the president
Now that I am grown I can still have relatives
Stories in my life that will never tell again
Cause situations happen and I’m my life and it never ends
I think I’m going crazy
I think I’m going crazy
I’m crying like a baby
Lord come and save me
I think I’m going crazy
I think I’m going crazy
I’m crying like a baby
Lord come and and save me
Trying to save up for the Flints and the Cool Greys
Done skipped many school days going to buy some new J's
Turn whole days to half days, fuck it I just skip it all
Go to this girl house who DTF whenever I call
Yea, I’m a player no matter the sport
Hitting home-run touchdowns on a open court
Couple traffic violations and misdemeanors, I hate court
So I smoke right before it
Stand in front of the judge red eyes, fresh shape up
He ask me what's my plans, I say "I'm trying to get my cake up"
See I’m a black male you know the odds is against us
Roll with the punches, Mayweather what it is bruh
Catch me in Baltimore walking around high as fuck
In some low chucks, whipping my uncle's pickup
My Lex in the shop, the damn transmission went up
I'm done with that shit I saw this dope whip on Craigslist
Only 4 Gs like that iPhone bullshit
Audi A4 blue paint with a V6
Bitch so sexy when I seen it I got hard dick
Bout to be 18 I need to find a damn apartment
Hope this job at the Apple store go through
They got a couple of employees I'm trying to run through
Here I go thinking with my dick again, the very thing that ruins my relationships
I'm a bag of chips, I think I'm all that
Knees fucked up keep fucking on the carpet
My bed make too much noise
And once she piss me off I pass her off to my boys
I swear I need to change man, listen to my songs you think I don't respect women
It's not like that at all because my mom raised me better
I’m only after sex because they only after cheddar
Just let em blow my trumpet because my blues mo betta
Filling condoms up like a red cup
College party bitch everybody drunk
Catch me getting ladies like that cartoon Skunk
They let me do what I want because they with it from the jump
Girl them kitties faking like I hit a double pump
But I’ll sign em if you want
Roll me up a J, don't really fuck with them blunts
I did my research and in the long run them fucking blunts going to hurt
You bound to catch a heel if you keep chasing skirts
Girls want what they can’t have
Niggas want girls with phat ass
Something nice they can grab
She just want a new bag
I'm dangerous nigga, hazmat
Walk around with a gas mask
Where they do that at?
Girls showing their ass I ain't impressed by that
I need a girl I can love, that ass is a plus
Discuss not fuss, loyalty and trust
Know how to bust a nut, shoot it out in her butt
Damn nigga I'm nasty as fuck
Your girl don’t seem to mind
Nice taste nigga, yea yo she fine
I really like that trick that she do with her behind
But all and all she a good chick
Need to put a ring on it like a tone for your sidekick
I keep a sidekick for my side-chicks
Keep them convos private, them condoms I supplied it
First thing my uncle taught me when he got out of jail
"Never take a condom from a female"
And I live by the lessons that I've learned
So if I say I will it's no need to be concerned
So if I say I will it's no need to be concerned nigga
Who is you talking to
Phone cut off on you...
Long talk
Everything is my fault...
Shouldn't have stayed too long
But I could give a damn what they say
I could give a damn about the things that they say
I could give a damn about the things that they say
I could give a...you know why? 'Cause...


They say "What's happenin'?"
We say the facts and if, they lie
We comin' back for them
They might say... but they don't know!
(Come on)
They say, They say...
They don't know

Ah, where my real people at?
Yeah, ah, let me see my real people with their hands in the air
Wherever you from, real people, let's do it, baby
Yo, real People walk in the streets, the streets is talkin'
Often it's beef this city never does
People walk and talk in they sleep
Cold sweats and wet dreams
On how to get green, our faith is all in a jeep
Black souls, raw and they deep
Hypes tryna talk with no teeth
Shorties sayin' ball or retreat
A lesson we all speak at one point or another
What you expect from one who smoke a joint with his mother?
Anointed hustlers in a fatherless region
Through the pain, wish they know that God was just teachin'
We want decent homes
So dreams we say out loud like speakerphones just to keep 'em on
It's like a colored song that keep keepin' on
I guess knowin' I'm weak is when I'm really bein' strong
Somehow through the dust I could see the dawn
Like the Bishop Magic Juan, I write freedom songs
For the real people
Real people in the house, real people, real people check it out
Real people know what I'm talking about, it's real people
I wonder is the spirits of Bob Marley and Haile Selassie
Watch me as the cops be tryna and pop and lock me
They cocky, plus they mentality is Nazi
The way they treat Blacks I wanna snap like paparazzi
We're the children of a better God searchin' for better jobs
We could cop ghetto cars tryin' not to catch a charge
They say the dope game is sour
Now they doin' homework that's when they follow you for hours
Come to your crib and devour all that you work for
Must be more than paper these brothas hurt for
Through the purple haze I circle days I rhyme that work for pays
Tryna reverse the slave's mind and insert the brave mentality
Heard that it's drama at home
Can a dude break free and still get honored at home?
I was told by a chief it's the games nature
When you're glowin' some will love and some will hate ya
Yo, it's real people
Uh, real people in the house, real people know what I'm talking about
It's real people, real people in the house, it's real people, it's real people, uh
Guess who’s bizzack? Big Mike back on the mic
And for that, y’all can thank A Hype
Chilling at home after getting off work the other day
Hit Instagram, found out A Hype drops today
I thought the 15 track idea was interesting
And I already knew that he would do his thing
No matter what the beat is, A Hype murders it
He wanted me to do my own, you know, talk that shit!
All these different beats on one track
Reminding me of when Game was giving rappers heart attacks
Here I am, 15 like Vince Carter
A Hype, thanks for reminding me to go harder
It’s a new game boy, let us give you the rules
Get out of line and we gone give you the blues
Ladies and gentleman, I hope y’all ready for the show
And if you forgot who I am, Imma have to let you know
Yo
I’m the M, the I, to the K, to the E
If I wasn’t, then why would I say I be?
Y’all know me, one of the best to ever do it
It’s written in stone, motherfucker, undisputed
Undisputed, shoutout to Skip Bayless
I rock designer, y’all still shop at Payless
I’m crazy on the beat like Tasmanian Devil
Y’all can’t fuck with me, I’m on another level
The only way you’ll get to me is using a cheat code
The outcome of that is like Shaq hitting free throws
Unlikely, in my white tee
Like Carti and Uzi, ooh I think they like me
Little puppy talking shit to the big dog
The nerve of this coward, oh my God
You can’t see me like you staring at fog
Who am I talking about? They know who they are
I was raised in Charlotte, on the good side of town
It didn’t happen very often, but bad times would come around
Couple times when I was younger, family getting robbed
Had me making sure that we had locks on every doorknob
Dudes creeping through the house, in the middle of the night
What would happen if I woke up that night, would I be alive?
It seem like everyday, someone I know getting popped
Ain’t had a chance to live life, they had no shot
Dudes I went to school with, they locked up in a cell
This shit is crazy, I hope y’all out there doing well
I keep a good head on a level set of shoulders
I mind my own business, I learned as I grew older
Nas vibes, got a N.Y. State of Mind in me
I got roots in Long Island, I call that family tree
My dad used to rob dudes back in 99
But that’s a different story, and for a different time
I got the, game on lock like I was signed to D-Block
Ceiling so high that they touching the tree tops
On the forest moon of Endor, call me an Ewok
On the mic, I rock steady like Bebop
The community, they go crazy
When they hear B-I-G M-I-K-E
From 2Train, to We The People
My rhymes make everyone around me gleeful
I freestyled most of this in the shower
Off the dome, call that brainpower
After We The People, I worked on features
Shit sucked the life out of me like leeches
Once again, I was hit with writers block
Like Van Halen, living in the aftershock
But thanks to A Hype, I’m feeling rejuvenated
15Hype 2, I’m patiently waiting
I wanna thank Dr. Dre for inspiring me
To be the hard worker that I strive to be
He’s a perfectionist, if it’s not up to par
To his standards, you’ll never hear it, no matter who you are
He makes everyone around him better
Em, 50, Kendrick, Game, Snoop, whoever
When I first heard him, in the car with my pops
Bumping California Love by the late, great 2Pac
My dad didn’t know shit about Dre
But I tried to learn everything, even to this day
His work ethic is simply impeccable
I try to mimic him, he’s simply incredible
“Dre’s not a top 15 producer”? Stop
“Dre doesn’t have an impact on rap”? Stop
Dr. Dre is a fucking living legend
And quite frankly, don’t know why this is questioned
I can’t even tell you, what I would give to work with Dre
An opportunity like that would make my day
Scratch that, it would make my whole career
I would never be able to top it, not in a million years
It’d be crazy to work with Kanye too
See 2Pac in the flesh, find out if he got the juice
Perfect my craft with Nasty Nas and Common
Push myself to the limit like Eminem in his prime, and
Maybe I’ll take a lesson from Hov
Go commercial, but fuck going gold
And fuck going platinum, going diamond is the goal
That’s going platinum 10 times over if you didn’t know
I’d for sure want to sit down with K-Dot
And talk about how to be one of the greatest in hip hop
Feel like LeBron, chasing all these rings
If given the chance, I’d do all these things
Pulling up in a Bentley truck
I just got paid on Friday, I count my M’s Up
I’m good at math but not Asian, nor racist
I work hard, I get the dough from dedication
Yeah, put the money in the bank
When I get older, I’ll invest like Shark Tank
Investment, a pure example of risk and reward
You could get more money back than you could afford
A wise man said “money makes the world go round”
But some of y’all spend your money on a quarter pound
Be smart with the cash you earn; you earned it, right?
Appreciate the lesson you just learned from Big Mike
I work my ass off, they should hit me with the max
Contract, clock out and adjust to that
Money is the motivation, you know I got it
Paycheck just hit, I got direct deposit
Money is the conversation, let’s talk about
Paycheck just hit, I got direct deposit
I got more bars than Fast and Furious got cars
Pulling up in a Refugee, you should call me Pras
I do this shit for the fun of it, because I love it
Don’t mean to toot my own horn but someone come grab my trumpet
Like Puffy said, can’t stop won’t stop
Green light won’t change til I reach the top
A kid from Charlotte with a Westside Connection
Because I C Dubs and take them without a Mack 10
This the type of shit you’d hear on a Clue tape
The type of shit that make you do a double take
The type of shit to make you go back to the drawing board
The type of shit to make you hungry for more
I’m feeling like a king but I ain’t go to Saint Mary
When I drop another album, shit gon get scary
Community Mount Rushmore, I’m front and center
Feeling like D.O.C. cuz No One Can Do It Better
I’m Quik with the Mausberg, 2nd II None
I’m talking bout my lyrics, I ain’t talking bout a gun
If you think you can see me, guess what? You played yourself
And guess what bitch? I ain’t never played myself
Rap without me is like the NBA without Jordan
A monster on the court, a warrior, a spartan
Yeah, just like Draymond Green
I’m not mean, just doing my own thing
I told y’all before, if the cash on blast
Imma get that, I said that, I meant that
Hungry like I just skipped a whole meal
And if you don’t like it? Then fuck how you feel
Unless you one of my brothers
But if you not, don’t speak to me, man, don’t even bother
I know what Max is thinking:
How is Mike gonna go and do a song on a Kent Jones beat?
Well, good news Max
This song dropped, and ever since then, Kent Jones ain’t been seen
I once knew this girl named Olivia
Met in social studies, talked every day, uh
And night, she taught me what love was like
Had me feeling high like Smokey on a Friday night
It didn’t work out, shit had me feeling broken
But summer before senior year, had me hoping
That we could reconcile
I had just got a car and I was ready to put on a couple miles
With my own means of transportation, it made it easier for fornication
But that’s not all I wanted
I wanted a real relationship, one that was solid
But sure enough, just my luck, it didn’t work
She led me on, ghosted me, and left me hurt
Now I know why Dre said that “bitches ain’t shit”
From that moment on, you never seen me with a trick
Was on my break at work, walking through the parking lot
Seen somebody that I’ve heard about a lot
I recognized him, almost instantly
If anybody saw me, they would see how visibly
Mad I was
This little bitch is always messing with my sister on the school bus
You see, they dated for a moment in time
And now he’s standing before me, the stars have aligned
They’ve gone back and forth ever since they broke up
But he’s a man talking down to a woman, what the fuck?
I took a deep breath, went back to my business
Decided not to run up on him, a good decision
I guess God was testing my gangster
I got some problems with anger
But Lord knows if I had it my way
His punk ass wouldn’t live to see another day
I think it’s funny that people be on your dick
But when you turn around and leave, they quick to talk some shit
Like Mr. Porter and Busta said, they out to get me
That’s why I’m cautious when people come and try to friend me
If Meek was in position, what would he do?
Probably hit up Twitter, talk about the see-throughs
I’m talking bout ghosts, but I ain’t talking bout a writer
I’m talking bout the fakes and the biters
Blatant disrespect, you best protect ya neck
I’m on my Wu-Tang shit, known for inspecting decks
I learned from my mistakes
And now I know don’t associate with the fakes
It seemed like everyone around me was so two-faced
Everybody on their Harvey Dent vibes up in this place
So if you got a problem bring it to the forefront
But Imma warn you; these problems? You don’t want
They say curiosity kills the cat
Or maybe it was just the gat
When you hear that rat-tat-tat-tat
That’s when you know that it’s deeper than rap
Too many people we’ve lost to a gun
Pac, Biggie, should I go on?
2006, we said bye to DeShaun Holton
In 99, we lost Lamont Coleman
Just this year, we saw Nipsey go
What the fuck are we doing, bro?
I ask God, as countless more perish
What can we do to protect those we cherish?
Soulja Slim, Mac Dre, Jam Master Jay
If I went on, we’d be here all day
I realize now that tomorrow’s never promised
It’s a cold world we live in, if I’m being honest
Even though I exude self-confidence
Deep down inside of me it’s the opposite
Big myself up like I’m the motherfucking man
Like when it comes down to it, I got a plan
My future coming up real fast, real fast
And for now tryna make these memories last
But mid-August Big Mike will be on his own
In a new home, all alone
I’m scared to death, shit, to tell the truth
That’s why I’m pouring out all these feelings in the booth
I know it’s time, but Lord knows I don’t wanna go
And where to go from here? I don’t know
Words can’t describe how much imma miss my mom
But for her sake, I’m the one who has to stay calm
She told me “Mike, you’re meant for bigger things
It’s time for my baby boy to stretch his wings”
Aye I might be semi-retired
But, you know
There’s still plenty of artists in the community to hear
BabaSzn, we more than a group of friends
We family, with talent for the world to see
BLKMSK, you better act fast
He might turn around and smack your ass
One of my best friends in this music shit for sure
The boy spit like he got unlimited ammo
A Hype, you know he’s dead right
One of the first to collab with Big Mike
His work ethic might need a little work
But the product he puts out is pure artwork
Ninto, he can flow like no other
And shoutout to King Blow, I love him like a brother
We got talented producers too
Here’s hoping that AgusRonny2 drops soon
You know we chillin like a couple of villains
What more can I say? We killin em
There's a place off Ocean Avenue
Where I used to sit and talk with you
We were both sixteen and it felt so right
Sleepin' all day, stayin' up all night
Stayin' up all night
There's a place on the corner of Cherry Street
We would walk on the beach in our bare feet
We were both eighteen and it felt so right
Sleepin' all day, stayin' up all night
Stayin' up all night
If I could find you now things would get better
We could leave this town and run forever
Let your waves crash down on me
And take me away
There's a piece of you that's here with me
It's everywhere I go, it's everything I see
When I sleep, I dream and it gets me by
I can make believe that you're here tonight
That you're here tonight
If I could find you now things would get better
We could leave this town and run forever
I know somewhere, somehow we'll be together
Let your waves crash down on me
And take me away
I remember the look in your eyes
When I told you that this was goodbye
You were beggin' me not tonight
Not here, not now
We're looking up at the same night sky
And keep pretendin' the sun will not rise
We'll be together for one more night
Somewhere, somehow
If I could find you now things would get better
We could leave this town and run forever
I know somewhere, somehow we'll be together
Let your waves crash down on me
And take me away
Gossip, gossip, nigga just stop it
Everybody know I'm a motherfucking monster






Hehe, olá
Sejam bem-vindos
Modo Trovoada
Não tas pronto
He he he
Introdução, Trovoada sedução
Não preciso de auto-tune
Como esse Dramáticune
Madje, não há questão
Mas eu vou fazer gestão
Trovoada líder supremo
Esses filhos da puta são emo
E o Trovoada deus é extremo (hã)
Hehe
Trovoada é eterno
À procura de Nemo
E quando vês o Trovoada
Há um tremo
Dou uma voada, deixo a Caldas magoada
Abuso doméstico
Sou o Trovoada não me desafies
Esse Boy do Móvel tá com medo, do poder
Porque eles sabem que vão se fuder
Dramático ainda não respondeu
O que aconteceu? Adormeceu (hã)
Hehe
É so a introdução, mega-produção
Vou fazer uma revolução
Bitoques grátis para toda a gente
Isso é muito urgente
E o Trovoada, inteligente
Hehe, hehe, hehe
Introdução
B3M, madje (yeee)
Can you be? Can you be?
Can you be? Can you be?
Can you be? Can you be?
Can you be? Can you be?
Will you be? Can you be?
Can you be? Can you be?
Can you be? Can you be?
Will you be? Can you be?
Can you be? Can you be?
Can you be? Can you be?
Will you be? Can you be?
I got that gold stuff all on my back
I got that now I can't get that back
Now a fawner no matter where I’m at
Way back, I'm so glad I've got her back
Can you be? Can you be?
Can you be? Can you be?
Will you be? Can you be?
Can you be?
Get off me (off), Get off me (off)
Get off me (off), Get off me (off)
Get off me (off), Get off me (off)
Get off me (off), Get off me (off)
I caught a wave
Caught more air than super Dave
Call Aaliyah, I’m super paid
Sumfuh, sumfuh, doofaday
Just got off the flight from Budapest
Don't need Khaled to say "you the best"
You the type of nigga shop at Uni-qlo
Just found out that my father in law unisex
Running out of money, running into debt
Running from bill collectors, I ain't paid 'em yet
Shit you did with no matter how rich you get
And even more, depending on the bitch you get
I got to be
This Jiffy Lube is gonna get robbed
And when I do it I won't sob
I don't care if they're close to me
What I think is money is all I need
I'm just a little kid
I think I'm full of wit
So I'll hit you as a surprise
Like a landmine
They're family so what's it matter?
I'll drag them down to my hole like the Mad Hatter
How dare I be depressed?
I need to be the best
I can get whatever I want
I know that doing this won't haunt
Money's really cool
I could buy a pool
I got nothing to lose
I do what I wanna do
Gotta look cool
Gotta try if I could
This Jiffy Lube's gonna gonna get robbed
And when I do it I won't sob
I don't care if they're close to me
What I think is money is all I need
This Jiffy Lube's gonna gonna get robbed
And when I do it I won't sob
I don't care if they're close to me
What I think is money is all I need
And I'll also have my friend Jacob to support my choices
And later down the road I'll see if it does good
Will it help me when what I want is what I have?
I know though I'm already going to hell
So don't cry when I'm gone
Hehe madje, esse Dramático não para
Poder do birote, então
(Here's to the Roc)
Trovoada na área, equipa adversária
(Here's to Roc-A-Fella)
Esse Dramático tá com mania
(Here's to the Roc)
Busta, birote no Dramático, porque
(Mr. Rockefeller)
Ele tá com medo, ché
Dramático tentou dar strike, falhou
Dramático, o que fez? Apagou
Dramático esquece-se que eu sou um deus
E ele parece os judeus
Sou o Hitler, madje, não escapa
Onde tás a ir? Huh, Lapa?
Trovoada ganha sempre
Apagaste as músicas porque não eram decente
Atreveste a falar mal
E dar dislike
És uma dyke
Boy do Móvel fica imóvel quando ouve Gibralbirote
100 views em 5 horas, enquanto o Dramático
Só, chora
Sou o Trovoada, birote na Caldas
Dramático não tá sarcástico
Isto começou porcausa de uma música
Madje, disse que não
Vê a fúria, hehe
(Here's to the Roc)
Trovoada na área, equipa adversária
(Here's to Roc-A-Fella)
Esse Dramático tá com mania
(Here's to the Roc)
Busta, birote no Dramático, porque
(Mr. Rockefeller)
Ele tá com medo, ché
Fadaraes, Dramático, Boy do Móvel
Vou eliminar todos, não há provas
Que eu falei mal, Dramático não é formal
Desculpa ai, foi mal
O birote é abismal (yee)
Madje, Dramático, para
B3M, ché
Agora não paro
Dramático, desafiaste a pessoa errada
Não há escapatória agora, hehe
Yuri
We’re all equal
And everything the world needs is love
Everything the world needs is love
The world needs love
We’re the people
And everything we need is love
Everything we need is love
We need love
We’re all equal, we’re the people and everything we need is love
Too much war, we need love
Heart to heart, it’s so hard
Learn from the past, listen to the stars
We’re all kids from above
And so are our moms
We share the same path
We share the same path!
Yeah, Yeah, So what you’re sayin' bro
Stop that playing bro, bro watch your attitude
Bro your attitude, I swear you'll get it sued
Watch your current moves , watch it, watch it, watch it
Step, step, step - get, get that
Bro slow down, and get the sense back
I don't playback, yes I say that
If we can make it, why do we fake it?
He’s watching, the world
The only ear he gets
From a little girl, and an old man
A little girl and an old man?
Man that’s not a good plan
WE NEED LOVE
We in the car (wha aye)
We in the car (skrt skrt)
We in the car (wha aye)
We in the car (not the dirt!)
We in the car (yuh aye)
We in the car (what for?)
We in the car (yuh aye)
We in the car (sike nigga!)
We in the truck (yuh aye) x4
Ion give a fuck (yuh aye)
We in the truck (yuh aye)
Wish me luck (yuh aye)
We going to space (yuh uh)
Y'know what im saying yuh
We taking a race (yuh aye)
To the moon (yuh uh)
You a coon (yuh uh)
You a Buffon (yuh uh)
You a loom (yuh uh)
We making clothes (yuh uh)
You a hoe (yuh aye)
I got hoes (psych)
Im a loner ass nigga yuh
I just like gcs cuz im fucking lonely nigga
Ion give a fuck, i just needa bitch cuz lonely nigga
Ion give a fuck, i just wanna kiss you bitch
I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
What I had to do, had to run from you
I'm in love with you, but the vibe is wrong
And that haunted me, all the way home
So you never know, never never know
Never know enough, 'til it's over love
'Til we lose control, system overload
Screaming, "No, no, no, n-nooo!"
I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
See I wanna move, but can't escape from you
So I keep it low, keep a secret code
So everyone else don't have to know
So keep your love lockdown—your love lockdown
Keep your love lockdown—your love lockdown
Keep your love lockdown—your love lockdown
Keep your love lockdown—you lose
I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
I can't keep my cool, so I keep it true
I got something to lose, so I gotta move
I can't keep myself, and still keep you too
So I keep in mind, when I'm on my own
Somewhere far from home, in the danger zone
How many times did I tell you 'fore it finally got through?
You lose, you lose
I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
See I had to go, see I had to move
No more wasting time, you can't wait for life
We're just racing time, where's the finish line?
So keep your love lockdown—your love lockdown
Keep your love lockdown—your love lockdown
Keep your love lockdown—your love lockdown
Keep your love lockdown—you lose
I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
I bet no one knew, I got no one new
Know I said I'm through, but I got love for you
But I'm not loving you, the way I wanted to
Gotta keep it going, keep the loving going
Keep it on the roll, only God knows
If I be with you, baby I'm confused
You choose, you choose
I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
Where I wanna go, I don't need you
I've been down this road, too many times before
I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
So keep your love lockdown—your love lockdown
Keep your love lockdown—your love lockdown
Keep your love lockdown—your love lockdown
Keep your love lockdown—you lose
Keep your love lockdown—your love lockdown
Keep your love lockdown—your love lockdown
Keep your love lockdown—your love lck down
Keep your love lockdown—you lose
So keep your love lockdown—your love lockdown
Keep your love lockdown—your love lockdown
Keep your love lockdown—your love lockdown
Keep your love lockdown—you lose
So keep your love lockdown—your love lockdown
Keep your love lockdown—your love lockdown
Keep your love lockdown—your love lockdown
Keep your love lockdown—you lose
Uh
Uh
What it say
What it say
Okay okay okay
Pull up with the foe foe
Shootaniggawiddagun hitaniggathenirun withthafoefoe
Shootaniggawiddagun andipillemnkillemamothafucka withthafoefoe
Know I'm with the foe foe
Run a nigga widda gun and i peel em widda gun widda foe foe
Peel em and kill em a muthafucka with the foe foe
Kill em i kill em a muthafucka with the foe foe
Fuck what they talkin' 'bout
Do all the niggas hate my chains back to fuck right now nigga
Why the fuck you so opinionated?
Sayin' how you do it but they ain't did it, baby
You need a demonstration?
This is how you get richer, baby
I'm stimulated
I'm at the bank, I'm penetratin'
I'm puttin' in, I'm penetratin'
I'm gettin' big, I'm stimulated
I touched a bitch, she disintegrated
Up in flames, I've been the flamest
I've been the hottest, you've been the lamest
I've been on the plane, you've been complainin'
Fuck the co-defendant, pistol whip the plaintiff
Hit the mall, then we skip arraignment
They say she young, I should've waited
She a big girl, dog when she stimulated
Hit Sin City and syndicate it
All the time on the strip in Vegas
I got the juice but I ain't Minute Maid it
But a nigga made it just minutes later
Shut the fuck and let me finish, baby
I'll let you finish later
Why the fuck you so opinionated?
Yeah you book smart but don't be gettin' paper, uh!
Shootin' craps at The Wynn
Gettin' back to back wins
Made 20 bands playin' features
And I don't need a feature for this
Nigga I'm T-R-A, triple double
Every time I ball, man that's triple double
Tom Ford, Balmain, that's triple stuntin'
Tryna get a nut only gets you nothin'
So I don't give a fuck who these niggas datin'
Tsunami the Rollie, my wrist is flooded
How the fuck can these niggas hate it
But these bitches love it, man this shit is funny
All I can do is laugh, all I can do is laugh
And they try to count me out, all day I'm doin' math
All I can do is add, multiply, multiply
All day I'm doin' math, but we won't divide
You ain't got the flow, you ain't got the heart
You be on your mark but you're never ready
You just talkin' shit, I can smell your breath
Sayin' what you do, but can't help yourself
So why the fuck you so opinionated?
Sayin' how you do it but they ain't did it, baby
You need a demonstration?
This is how you get richer, baby
I'm stimulated
I'm at the bank, I'm penetratin'
I'm puttin' in, I'm penetratin'
I'm gettin' big, I'm stimulated
I touched the bitch, she disintegrated
Up in flames, I've been the flamest
I've been the hottest, you've been the lamest
I've been on the plane, you've been complainin'
Fuck the codefendant, pistol whip the plaintiff
Hit the mall, then we skip arraignment
They say she young, I should've waited
She a big girl, dog when she stimulated
I won me a trophy
A trophy
I won me a trophy
A trophy
I won me a trophy
A trophy
I won me a trophy
A trophy
A trophy, trophy
I just wanna take you out and show you off
You already know that you the perfect one
Girl when I'm with you, feel like a champion
Ever since I got with you I feel like I done won me a trophy
I just wanna take you out and show you off
You already know that you the perfect one
Girl when I'm with you, feel like a champion
Ever since I got with you I feel like I done won me a trophy
Trophy
I won me a trophy
A trophy
You the number one trophy wife
So it's only right to live the trophy life
You grew up on J. Lo, Timberlands by Manolo now
Till one day I put an angel in your ultrasound
I wanna dip that ass in gold
I wanna dip that ass in gold
I made it over NBA, NFL players
So every time I score it's like the Super Bowl
I won me a trophy
A trophy
I won me a trophy
A trophy
I won me a trophy
A trophy
I won me a trophy
A trophy
My names ellie baker
I look like a potataaa
My mams from jamaica and i like my eggs straight out the freezer
I love ket, i love MDMA, I love jugglies in my face
But shhh don’t tell i’m a secret lesbian
Cheeeeeese cake wooo woo yea
I love a good crack den i think i own 10 of them
Giz a blue punisher and ill punish u tonight but not if you smell like shite
My bestfriends name is Josie and she is amazing woohoo why am i so ugly jk i’m the bomb.com tehe
My other bestie dani is not a trani she is sеxy and has a fanny
Wooooooooo yea


